--- Page 129 ---
125
Our views expressed herein are based on the facts and assumptions indicated to us. No assurance is given that the revenue
authorities/ courts will concur with the views expressed herein. Our views are based on the existing provisions of the Tax Laws
and its interpretation, which are subject to change from time to time. We do not assume responsibility to update the views
consequent to such changes. We shall not be liable to the Company for any claims, liabilities or expenses relating to this
assignment except to the extent of fees relating to this assignment, as finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily
from bad faith or intentional misconduct. We will not be liable to the Company and any other person in respect of this Statement,
except as per applicable law.
We hereby give consent to include this Statement in the draft red herring prospectus, red herring prospectus, the prospectus and
in any other material used, in connection with the Proposed Offer, submission of this Statement to the Securities and Exchange
Board of India, the Registrar of Companies, Karnataka at Bengaluru, BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India
Limited, pursuant to the provisions of the ICDR Regulations and Companies Act, 2013, and it is not to be used, referred to or
distributed for any other purpose without our prior written consent.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
Umang Banka
Partner
Membership No: 223018
UDIN: 23223018BGXLUD8062
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  22 December 2023

--- Page 130 ---
126
ANNEXURE I
LIST OF DIRECT AND INDIRECT TAX LAWS (‘TAX LAWS’)
Sr. No:
Details of tax laws
Direct Tax Laws:
1.
Income-tax Act, 1961 and Income-tax Rules, 1962
Indirect Tax Laws:
2.
Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017
3.
Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017
4.
State Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017
5.
Customs Act, 1962 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975 read with respective Rules, Circulars and
Notifications issued thereunder.
6.
Foreign Trade Policy 2023 read with Handbook of Procedures
7.
Tamil Nadu Electric Vehicle Policy 2019
8.
Tamil Nadu Industrial Policy 2021
ANNEXURE II
LIST OF MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES CONSIDERED AS PART OF THE STATEMENT (Note 1)
1. OLA Electric Technologies Private Limited (‘Material Subsidiary’)
Note 1: Material subsidiaries identified in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, includes a subsidiary whose income or net worth in the immediately preceding
year (i.e. 31 March 2023) exceeds 10% of the consolidated income or consolidated net worth respectively, of the holding
company and its subsidiaries in the immediate preceding year.

--- Page 131 ---
127
ANNEXURE III
STATEMENT OF POSSIBLE SPECIAL TAX BENEFITS AVAILABLE TO OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY PRIVATE LIMITED) (“THE COMPANY”) AND ITS
SHAREHOLDERS AND ITS MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY UNDER THE APPLICABLE DIRECT AND INDIRECT
TAXES (“TAX LAWS”) IN INDIA
Outlined below are the possible special tax benefits available to the Company, its shareholders and its Material Subsidiary under
the Tax Laws (“Possible Special Tax Benefits”). These Possible Special Tax Benefits are dependent on the Company, its
shareholders and its Material Subsidiary fulfilling the conditions prescribed under the Tax Laws. Hence, the ability of the
Company and its shareholders and its Material Subsidiary to derive the Possible Special Tax Benefits is dependent upon
fulfilling such conditions, which are based on business imperatives it faces in the future, it may or may not choose to fulfill.
UNDER THE TAX LAWS
A. Special tax benefits available to the Company
Direct Tax Laws:
There are no special tax benefits available to the Company under the Direct Tax Laws.
Indirect Tax Laws:
The following special tax benefits are available to the Company under the Indirect Tax Laws:
•
The Company has entered into an MOU dated 18th February 2023 with the Government of Tamil Nadu to
avail incentives under the [Structured Package of Assistance] through Industries, Investment Promotion and
Commerce Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu. The Company avails the benefits under the MOU
through two of its subsidiaries engaged in the manufacture of 4 wheeler electric vehicles and manufacture of
cells (’Structured Package’). The benefits under the Structured Package are available subject to fulfilment of
conditions, failing which the Company will have to refund the benefits availed along with applicable interest.
The following indirect tax benefits are available to the Company under the Structured Package:
➢
100% State Goods and Service Tax (SGST) reimbursement for 20 years on sale of electric vehicles
manufactured, sold and registered for use in in the State of Tamil Nadu.
➢
Incentive for Goods and Service Tax (GST) on capital goods imported over the investment period,
in case the Company faces an inverted tax situation.
.
B. Special tax benefits available to Shareholders
There are no special tax benefits available to the Shareholders under the Tax Laws.
C. Special tax benefits available to Material Subsidiary
Direct Tax Laws:
The following special tax benefits are available to the Material Subsidiary of the Company under Direct Tax Laws:
•
The Material Subsidiary has opted to be governed by provisions of section 115BAB of the Income-tax Act
1961.
Indirect Tax Laws:
The following special tax benefits are available to the Material Subsidiary of the Company under the Indirect Tax
Laws:

--- Page 132 ---
128
•
The Material Subsidiary has imported capital goods without payment of customs duty under the Export
Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) Scheme under Foreign Trade Policy, 2023. The said benefit is subject to
an export obligation equal to six times of duty saved, to be fulfilled within 6 years from the date of issue of
Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) authorisation.
•
The Material Subsidiary has claimed benefit of Import of Goods at Concessional Rate of duty Rules, 2022
(IGCR) under Customs Act, 1962, in terms of which the Material Subsidiary can import goods at concessional
rate of customs duties subject to fulfillment of conditions prescribed therein.
•
The Material Subsidiary has entered into an MOU with the Government of Tamil Nadu to avail incentives
under the Structured Package of Assistance (“EV Special Manufacturing Package” and “Special EV Package
for Battery Manufacturing”) under the Tamil Nadu Electric Vehicle Policy 2019). The benefits under the
Structured Package are available subject to fulfilment of  conditions, failing which the Material Subsidiary
will have to refund the benefits availed along with applicable interest. The following indirect tax benefits are
available to the Material Subsidiary under the Structured Package:
➢
100% SGST reimbursement for 20 years on sale of electric vehicles manufactured, sold and
registered for use in in the State of Tamil Nadu.
NOTES:
1. The above is as per the current Tax Laws.
2. The above Statement of Possible Special Tax Benefits sets out the provisions of Tax Laws in a summary manner only
and is not a complete analysis or listing of all the existing and potential tax consequences of the purchase, ownership
and disposal of equity shares of the Company.
3. This Statement does not discuss any tax consequences in any country outside India of an investment in the Equity
Shares of the Company. The shareholders / investors in any country outside India are advised to consult their own
professional advisors regarding possible income tax consequences that apply to them under the laws of such
jurisdiction.
For Ola Electric Mobility Limited (formerly known as Ola Electric Mobility Private Limited)
Director
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 22 December 2023

--- Page 133 ---
129
SECTION IV: ABOUT OUR COMPANY
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the Redseer Report, which has
been commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor the BRLMs, nor any other person connected
with the Offer has independently verified any third-party statistical, financial and other industry information in the Redseer
Report. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Redseer
Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year. For further
details and risks in relation to the Redseer Report, see “Risk Factors – We have used information from the Redseer Report
which we commissioned for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and any reliance on such information
is subject to inherent risks.” on page 51.
Section A: Outlook on India’s Automotive Industry
India is emerging into a global manufacturing powerhouse of technology-led automotives.
India’s automotive market is undergoing a technology-led transformation, which will unlock the next wave of growth in the
sector. Innovation in cell technology & the subsequent rise of EVs, increased adoption of software & electronics in vehicles,
and government’s impetus to domestic manufacturing of technologically advanced vehicles, are the core tenets of this
transformation. These advancements are likely to have a global impact, given India accounts for 15-20% of global production
for 2W and is the 3rd largest 4W-Passenger Vehicle market in the world (in terms of sales volumes), with strong growth
headroom in both segments.
India automotive market consists of ~26Mn vehicles and is central to the economy.
India has a large automotive market, comprising annual production of ~26Mn vehicles as of FY 2023 (excluding electric
rickshaws - Source: Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)). It is central to India’s manufacturing sector and the
overall economy, contributing ~35% to the manufacturing GDP and 5-6% to the overall GDP in FY 2023. Further, the Indian
government envisions improving contribution of the automotive industry to reach ~40% of the manufacturing GDP by FY 2026
(Source: Automotive Mission Plan 2016-26).
While India’s (and global) vehicle production experienced a short-term decline in the FY 2020 – FY 2022 period, (due to the
global shortage of semiconductors, pandemic-induced lockdowns, increase in fuel prices and volatile geo-politics driven by the
Russia-Ukraine conflict), it has recovered well to ~83% of FY 2019 levels (as of FY 2023). Despite having large two-wheeler
(2W) and four-wheeler passenger-vehicles (4W-Passenger Vehicle) markets, India sees limited penetration, indicating a solid
backdrop for medium to long-term volume growth.
Technology is driving the next wave of growth in the automotive market, led by the following factors:
1. Advancement in Cell Technology is driving penetration of Electric Vehicles (EVs) – Cell technology development is
making EVs comparable to or better than their Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) counterparts, in terms of speed,
range, and energy efficiency. An EV uses cells to store and supply electrical energy (as per their composition chemistry).
With the evolution of cell chemistry, the India (and global) market is transitioning towards globally popular lithium-ion
based cells such as NMC (Nickel-Manganese-Cobalt Oxide Cathode) and LFP (Lithium Iron Phosphate), which offer
unique benefits. Thermal runaway temperature and cycle life is higher in LFP batteries, which are robust but heavier. On
the other hand, NMC batteries charge faster and have higher energy density, leading to higher range with a small size.
Further, EVs have lower total cost of ownership (TCO) vs ICE vehicles, for e.g., electric two wheelers (that have led
EV adoption in India) have ~45% lower TCO vs their ICE counterparts over the life of the vehicle. This is driven by lower
fuel costs (roughly 1/10th of ICE) and other savings on vehicle spends (maintenance, registration subsidies).
-
Petrol & diesel prices have been on the rise in India in the last five years, due to high import dependence (imported
crude oil drove ~87.3% of domestic consumption in FY 2023, as per Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell) and
increase in price of global crude oil. This along with the increase in the initial vehicle prices have raised the TCO of
ICE vehicles.
-
Unlike crude oil, the price of electricity in India follows a stable trend (generally lower than inflation), because India
is a power surplus nation with total installed power generation capacity of 417 GW (while its peak demand has only
reached 221 GW as of FY 2023). Electricity generation in India is also cheaper than many of its global counterparts

--- Page 134 ---
130
and efforts are being taken to maintain its affordability in the long run (e.g., revised framework of Day-ahead National
level Merit Order Dispatch Mechanism).
Fig.1. Cost of ownership comparison of E2W scooter and ICE 2W scooter (as of H1 FY 2024)
(in  ₹ Thousands )
Source(s): Redseer Research and Analysis
Note(s): 1. Products Compared are Ola S1X+ and Leading 2W ICE scooter model in the comparable price range. Total Life of both Vehicles has
been assumed to be 10 years (90,000 kms at 30 km per day and 300 days a year) 3. Acquisition Cost includes On-Road Price of the vehicles
inclusive of GST 4. Maintenance and Insurance Costs have been calculated over the Life of the vehicle 5. 1 US$ = ₹ 80
On similar lines, TCO for E4Ws is also ~24% lower than their equivalent ICE counterparts.
Fig.2. Cost of ownership comparison of E4W and ICE 4W (as of H1 FY 2024)
(in ₹Mn)
Source(s): Redseer Research and Analysis
Note(s): 1. Products Compared are ICE 4W and E4W of same model of a Leading 4W OEM. Total Life of both Vehicles has been assumed to be 15
years; (270,000 kms at 60 km per day, 300 days a year) 3. Acquisition Cost includes On-Road Price of the vehicles inclusive of GST 4. Maintenance
and Insurance Costs have been calculated over the Life of the vehicle 5. 1 US$ = ₹ 80
Moreover, stronger software enablement (than ICE vehicles) in EVs enables provision of next-generation features (e.g.
connected vehicles, enhanced safety systems, vehicle to user communication and enhanced infotainment systems etc.) that
enhance the driving experience.
Additionally, the rise of EVs will aid in achieving India’s promise to cut emissions to net zero by CY 2070

--- Page 135 ---
131
(communicated at UN COP26 summit). Unlike ICE vehicles, EVs have zero tailpipe emissions. Moreover, the GHG
emissions associated with an EV over its lifetime, are typically lower than those from an average ICE vehicle (Gasoline
car GHG emissions are 2.6x of an EV with 300-mile range, as per illustrative estimates by United States Environmental
Protection Agency), even when accounting for manufacturing. EVs also typically have a smaller carbon footprint than
ICE vehicles even after considering the electricity used for charging. Further, 40% of India’s installed electricity capacity
comes from non-fossil fuel sources and measures are being taken to make power generation more sustainable (such as the
National Hydrogen Mission, Viability Gap Funding support and Framework for Pumped Storage Projects).
2. Shift from ‘commute-only’ vehicles to ‘computer-on-wheels’- Evolving customer needs around safety, performance,
comfort, and utility is leading to an increased role of software and electronics in vehicles. India is incrementally aligning
vehicle safety rules with global standards. Features like anti-lock braking, rear parking sensors, speed sensing door locks
are already provided by OEM’s. Moreover, advanced safety features like electronic stability control, emergency stop signal,
emergency calling etc. have been mandated by the European Union and will drive Indian OEMs to further enhance safety
features in their products.
As a result, the share of electronics (incl. semi-conductor chip) components as a percentage of the vehicle BOM (Bill of
Materials) for cars has increased by 5-10 percentage points (of the total BOM cost) in the last 2-3 years. With the evolving
electronic architecture and electrification of the vehicle powertrain, this share is projected to reach 25-30% of the vehicle
(4W) BOM cost in CY 2030.
Fig.3. Electronics as a % of Vehicle (4W car) BOM (CY 2019, CY 2022, CY 2030)
(as % of BOM Cost)
Source(s): Redseer Estimates
3. Government’s Impetus to Technologically Advanced Automotive Manufacturing in India-
a. Production-linked Incentive (PLI) Schemes – In 2020, the government launched PLI scheme to boost domestic
manufacturing, cut down import bills, encourage exports and generate employment. These incentives are linked to
incremental sales of new-age technology products manufactured domestically. The scheme invites foreign and local
investors to set up new capacities and expand existing manufacturing units. With a budget of ₹ 2.73 Tn (US$ 34.1 Bn),
these schemes were launched across 14 sectors, to create national manufacturing champions and an additional
production of ₹ 30 Tn (US$ 375 Bn) over the next 5 years. The Automotive industry is a key beneficiary in the
following PLI schemes:

--- Page 136 ---
132
Fig.4. Budget Allocation in the PLI Scheme – Sector-wise distribution
(as % of total PLI amount allocation)
Source(s): Invest India
Note(s): Others includes PLI for sectors such as Aviation, Food Processing, Medical Devices, Metals and Mining, Telecom, Textiles and Apparel
i.
Automobiles and auto components sector (budget: ₹ 259 Bn i.e., ~US$ 3.2 Bn) The primary objectives of this PLI
include overcoming cost disabilities, creating economies of scale, generating employment, building a robust
supply chain for Advanced Automotive Technology (AAT) and higher value-added products. The PLI proposes
financial incentives of up to 18% (sales-linked) to boost domestic manufacturing of AAT products (min. 50%
domestic value addition will be required) and attract investments. The financial incentive under the scheme is
expected to start from FY 2024 (though it was officially declared to be started from FY 2023) for a total of five
consecutive financial years.
ii.
‘Advanced Chemistry Cell (ACC) Battery’ (budget: ₹ 181 Bn  i.e., US$ 2.3 Bn) Scheme was launched for setting
up ACC Battery Storage manufacturing facilities in India, with a total manufacturing capacity of 50 Giga Watt-
hour (GWh) for 5 years. Under the scheme, the production-linked subsidy is based per KWh and percentage of
value addition achieved on actual sale for manufacturers who set up production units with a capacity of at least 5
GWh up to a maximum of 20GWh per company. The scheme will help develop a strong domestic supply chain
for electric vehicle manufacturing.
iii.
India Semiconductor Mission 2021 (budget: ₹ 760 Bn i.e., US$ 9.5 Bn), included various schemes (such as
semiconductor fabrication, display fabrication, compound semiconductor & semiconductor assembly, testing,
making & packaging, and design-linked incentive). The scheme will lead to tech-based innovation and increased
competitiveness of the Indian automotive market globally.
b. Faster Adoption and Manufacturing (of Hybrid &) Electric Vehicles in India (FAME) - The scheme was launched
in 2015 to enable a leapfrog to environmentally cleaner, sustainable, advanced, and more efficient electric vehicles-
based system. Phase I (budget: ₹ 9.0 Bn (US$ 0.1 Bn)) of the scheme was launched between FY 2015 and FY 2019,
while Phase II (budget: ₹ 100 Bn (US$ 1.3 Bn)) was launched in FY 2020 for 3 years and later extended up to FY
2024. Demand generation and charging infrastructure development have been the key objectives of the scheme.

--- Page 137 ---
133
Additionally, growth in investments, export potential, improving credit access and push towards domestic manufacturing,
are also contributing to the automotive market growth.
1. Growth in Investments –The risk of supply chain shocks has never been more palpable than today, following compounding
crises from the US-China trade war, the COVID-19 pandemic, and the war in Ukraine. Manufacturers across the world are
seeking supply-chain resilience, which would mean investment into diversification of the supply chain. (Source: Economic
Survey FY 2023)
India’s economic resilience, geopolitical stability, large & young working population resulting in cheap & abundant labour
and simplified labor laws make India an attractive alternative for global manufacturers (including automotive
manufacturers). Moreover, youth upskilling initiatives like the National Skills Development Mission build a skilled
workforce with depth of technical knowledge. Relative ease of doing business and high return potential in the Indian market
also aid investment flow in the country.
Further, automotive OEMs are focusing on increasing production capacities, as indicated by the growing private capex (~₹
240 Bn i.e. US$ ~3 Bn) in FY 2023 i.e., 4-5% of total Private sector capex). As per the Ministry of Heavy Industries, PLI
scheme for AAT has also been successful in attracting proposed investment of ₹ 748.5 Bn (US$ 9.4 bn) against the targeted
investment of ₹425 Bn (US$ 5.3 bn) over a period of five years. The scheme has also attracted foreign investments.
Government’s thrust on capex is improving supporting infrastructure through the development of national highways and
electric charging infrastructure.
2. Export Potential – Of the total domestic vehicle production in FY 2023, ~18% (approximately 4.8 Mn vehicles) were
exported. Driven by the recent geo-political concerns, global manufacturers are looking for alternatives to China as a
production base. Also, India is seen as a market which produces high-quality, value-for-money vehicles suited for tropical
climates and road conditions. Consequentially, India stands to grab a bigger share of global exports. Under the Export
Promotion Capital Goods Scheme, import of capital goods at zero Customs duty for export production is being further
rationalized.
3. Improving access to formalized credit – Steady progress in financial inclusion and growth in penetration of vehicle loans
(major banks saw vehicle loans surge 18% Y-o-Y in Q3 FY 2023) suggest strong consumer demand.
4. Measures to strengthen domestic manufacturing – The government has imposed increased custom duties (5-10% increase
across different vehicle types) on import of vehicles (Budget 2023-24) to promote localized manufacturing. This is expected
to improve cost efficiency and affordability in the long run. Subsidies and tax & fee waivers are being used to fuel demand
for domestically produced, especially clean energy, vehicles in the market by state and central governments.
2W, 3W, 4W-Passenger Vehicle and Commercial Vehicles are the key segments in India’s automotive market.
India’s automotive market is majorly distributed into the following four segments –
Fig.5. Automotive Vehicle Production Volume in India (FY 2017 – FY 2023)
(In Mn units)
Note(s): 3Ws excluding electric rickshaws.
Source(s): Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)

--- Page 138 ---
134
1. Two-wheelers (2W)– India is a global production hub for two-wheelers – a total of ~19.5 Mn 2W were produced in India
in FY 2023 contributing 15-20% of the world’s total 2W production, making it the second largest 2W producer in the world
after China. Of the total production, ~4 Mn units were exported. 16-17 Mn units were sold domestically. Globally, India
is the second largest 2W market in terms of domestic sales volumes. Value of 2W domestic market size in India was
₹1.4-1.6 Tn (US$17-20 Bn) in FY 2023.
Fig 6. Two-Wheeler Domestic Sales – India vs Global Benchmarks (Key Countries by 2W Domestic sales) – CY 2022
(in Mn)
Source(s): Redseer Research
Note(s): 1. India: Figure for FY 2023
Multiple factors are pushing the personal mobility demand towards 2Ws:
a.
Need for affordable personal mobility – 2Ws offer greater reach and convenience than public transport facilities and
modes of shared mobility, while also being more affordable than other personal mobility options (like 4W-Passenger
Vehicles).
b. Current state of road transport infrastructure – 2Ws are suitable to travel across unpaved (especially in smaller towns
& rural areas) and traffic congested roads that require ease of maneuvering and, narrow lanes which do not allow
bigger & bulkier 4Ws.
c.
Strong supply – Availability of wide 2W option range across price-points, fuel types and with multiple features etc.,
marketed specifically towards targeted age-groups, gender and income levels.
d. Last-mile mobility – Travel requirements to reach public transport stations and increasing demand for last-mile
deliveries (for industries such as food, ecommerce etc.). The latter will also fuel greater demand for electric 2Ws as
players in these markets move towards meeting their sustainability commitments.
The 2W market is further segmented into scooters, motorcycles & mopeds and Low speed scooters & E-bicycles.
Fig. 7. Segment-wise domestic two-wheeler share (FY 2013, FY 2019, FY 2023, H1 FY 2024)
(in Mn, as % of domestic 2W sales)

--- Page 139 ---
135
Source(s): Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, Redseer Estimates
Scooter sub-segment has grown quickly in past few years owing to:
a.
Ease of learning & riding – smaller structure, gearless, light-weight framework (which makes it the preferred choice
for most women, old and inexperienced riders). This also pushes the demand in domestic and international tourism
markets where people need rentals for temporary use.
b. Utility and features – Storage space, safer (low top speed), ease of maneuvering through congested roads.
Affordable price segments dominate both scooters and motorcycles (including mopeds), with 86% and 77% of sales volumes
respectively in less than ₹100 thousand (<US$ 1250) price bracket (at ex-showroom prices) in H1 FY2024. This reflects the
demand for 2Ws being driven by the growing middle-class population that has sizeable discretionary spend but is price
conscious.
Despite large domestic volumes, there is headroom for 2Ws to grow in India.
High fuel prices and the resulting total cost of ownership (TCO) have limited 2W penetration to ~160 2Ws per ‘000 people in
India in CY 2022, which is much lower than some of the SEA countries, suggesting a large headroom for 2W growth ahead.
Fig.8. 2W per ‘000 Population – India vs Global Benchmarks (CY 2022)
(Number of 2W units)
Source(s): World Population Prospects, Redseer Research
Note(s): 1. Global Markets for benchmarks have been selected with the consideration to cover key markets across North America (USA), LATAM (Brazil),
Europe (Italy), Asia (China, India), South-East Asia (Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand)
The domestic 2W sales are still recovering from the pandemic induced decline and have reached 16-17 Mn as of FY 2023 as
opposed to the pre-pandemic levels of ~21 Mn. The high growth potential of the segment along with the partially recovered
small base is projected to drive strong growth in volumes at ~11% CAGR over the next 5 years. This will enable the domestic
2W market to reach ₹2.8-3.6 Tn (US$ 35-45 Bn) size by FY 2028. Growing middle class population, increasing urbanization-
led demand and favorable policy frameworks are the major growth factors.
Fig.9. Two-Wheeler Domestic Sales Forecast – India (FY 2023, FY2028P)
(in Mn units)

--- Page 140 ---
136
Source(s): Redseer Estimates
2. Four-Wheeler Passenger vehicles (4W-Passenger Vehicle) –This segment comprises cars of various sub-segments such
as hatchbacks, sedans and utility vehicles.
As per SIAM, India produced ~4.6 Mn 4W-Passenger Vehicles in FY 2023, of which ~0.7 Mn were exported and 3.9 Mn were
sold domestically (domestic opportunity size of ₹3.2-3.5 Tn (US$ 40-45 Bn) at consumer prices). In terms of domestic sales,
India became the world’s third largest 4W-Passenger Vehicle market (source: Economic Survey) in December 2022.
Fig.10. 4W Passenger Vehicles Domestic Sales – India vs Global Benchmarks (Key Countries by Domestic Car sales,
CY 2022)
(in Mn units)
Source(s): Redseer Research
Note(s): 1. India: Figure of FY 2023
Large headroom is available for 4W growth in India.
As of CY 2022, India only had 25-30 4W-Passenger Vehicle per ‘000 population, which is roughly 1/12th of the USA and 1/7th
of China, suggesting a large headroom for growth.
Fig.11. 4W Passenger Vehicles per ‘000 Population – India vs Global Benchmarks (CY 2022)
(Number of 4W Passenger Vehicle units per 1000 population)
Source(s): World Population Prospects, Redseer Research
Note(s): 1. Norway, UK, Mexico, Brazil, Vietnam, USA: Figures as of CY 2021; China: Figure as of CY 2020
3.
Global Markets for benchmarks have been selected with the consideration to cover leading and comparable markets across North America (USA,
Mexico), LATAM (Brazil), Europe (Norway, UK, Russia), Asia (China, India), South-East Asia (Indonesia, Vietnam, Myanmar)

--- Page 141 ---
137
Cars are being adopted by a higher number of Indian households due to increased affordability led by growing income levels.
Furthermore, premiumization trends can be seen with segments like compact SUVs growing faster than the other segments as
consumers lean towards better drivability (across different road conditions), greater comfort and improved digital connectivity.
Thus, entry-level hatchbacks will relent some market share to more premium segments, however affordability will continue to
drive the overall demand. This along with other underlying drivers of automotive growth (e.g., reliance on localized components
& fuel, development in road infrastructure and improving credit penetration) will fuel the growth for 4W-Passenger Vehicle
ahead.
As a result, domestic sales in the 4W-Passenger Vehicle segment are projected to reach 5-6 Mn units in FY 2028, at a CAGR
of ~6%. In terms of value, the market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 8-11% to reach ₹5.2-5.6 Tn (US$65-70 Bn) size by
FY 2028.
Fig. 12. (a) 4W Passenger Vehicles Domestic Sales Volume
Forecast – India (FY 2023, FY 2028P)
(in Mn units)
Source(s):  Redseer Estimates
4. Commercial vehicles – In FY 2023, 1 Mn commercial vehicles were produced in India, of which ~0.08 Mn were exported,
and 0.96 Mn were sold domestically. Growth in the segment is driven by increasing govt. capex logistics, last mile mobility
demand and development of national highways.
5. Three-wheelers (3W) – India is the largest producer of 3W in the world. The three-wheeler market segment includes
vehicles used to transfer both passengers (e.g., auto rickshaws) and cargo (e.g., loading autos). 0.85 Mn 3Ws were produced
in India, of which 0.36 Mn were exported and 0.48 Mn were sold domestically, as of FY 2023.
Section B: Electrification of India’s Automotive Market
2Ws are leading the electrification of India’s automotive market and are on the verge of explosive growth ahead.
2Ws are at the forefront of automotive electrification in India as Indian consumer is sensitive to initial vehicle price. E2W
adoption has grown rapidly to form ~5.1% of 2W registrations in H1 FY 2024, primarily led by scooters. Moreover, EVs are
likely to account for almost half of the domestic 2W sales volumes by FY 2028. E2W OEMs are also well placed to serve the
exports opportunity of 100-110 Mn 2W units. Select E2W OEMs with greater control over manufacturing technology can also
leverage the EV know-how to capture domestic E4W opportunity, taking their overall TAM to ₹ 8.0-9.1 Tn (US$100 to 115 Bn)
in FY 2028.
Fig. 12. (b) Value of 4W Passenger Vehicle
Domestic Sales Forecast – India (FY 2023, FY
2028P),
(in ₹Tn)

--- Page 142 ---
138
Automotive Electrification in India is being led by 2Ws.
All automotive vehicle segments are witnessing the electrification wave. Shared mobility segments (3Ws, commercial vehicles
and taxis) are undergoing electrification to achieve better operating economics (than ICE). eCommerce and logistics players
have adopted EV fleets as part of their decarbonization commitments. Central and state governments are boosting the
electrification of public buses. 3Ws are getting electrified on the back of exemptions from registration and road taxes.
Within personal mobility segments (2Ws and private 4W-Passenger Vehicles), 2Ws are well positioned to lead the
electrification wave in India, unlike many developed markets. This is because of high sensitivity of Indian consumers to the
initial vehicle prices of EVs versus ICE vehicles (given the lower GNI per capita vs the developed markets).
-
Adjusting for purchasing power parity, the average ₹200-500 thousand (i.e. US$ 2500-6250) difference between the
price of an E4W – Passenger Vehicles and ICE 4W -Passenger Vehicles in India, is quite high for an Indian consumer,
unlike the consumers in the developed markets. On the contrary, the difference in prices of E2W over ICE 2Ws in
India ( ₹20-70 thousand i.e. USD 250-875) is more palatable for Indian consumers, resulting in E2Ws leading the
electrification in personal mobility automotives.
-
Reduced registration costs for EVs across states make the on-road price differential between E2Ws and ICE 2Ws
smaller.
Furthermore, the TCO of an E2W breaks even with a comparable ICE vehicle in ~2 years while that for an E4W breaks even
with that of a comparable ICE 4W in 6-7 years (assuming total lifetime of 2Ws and 4Ws to be 10 years and 15 years
respectively).
Moreover, leaner charging and infrastructural requirements of E2Ws over E4Ws also contribute to their faster adoption in India.
E2Ws have witnessed rapid growth in India.
Fig. 13. (a) Electric 2W Registrations (FY 2018 to H1 FY
2024) and Penetration of Overall 2W market in India
(Registrations in Mn units, Penetration as % of Overall
2W registrations)
Source(s): Vahan Dashboard Data, Ministry of Road Transportation and Highways
Note: 1. Registration data from Vahan Dashboard does not include Low-speed scooters and E-bicycles sold
E2Ws have seen an accelerated adoption journey in India, with the penetration increasing over 6x between FY 2021 and FY
2022 and over 2x between FY 2022 and FY 2023, to reach penetration levels of ~4.5% of the 2W registrations reported on the
Vahan Dashboard (MoRTH) in FY 2023. It has increased further to ~5.1% in H1 FY 2024. E2W registrations (and subsequently
penetration as % of overall 2W registrations) were marginally lower in Q2 FY2024 than the previous quarter due to reduction
in FAME subsidy, effective from June 2023.
The journey started In 2007, when India saw the introduction of its first E2W. Since 2010, the government focused on EV
adoption and initiated regulatory discussions and planning (including setting up the National Council for E-Mobility) to
encourage reliable, affordable, and efficient EVs that meet consumer performance and price expectations.
Fig. 13. (b) Electric 2W Penetration in India (Q1
FY 2022 to Q2 FY 2024)
(as % of Overall 2W Registrations)

--- Page 143 ---
139
Note: Penetration figures basis e2W registrations as percentage of overall 2W registrations in India for respective period
Key enablers of E2W adoption in India:
1. National Electric Mobility Mission Plan 2020 was launched in 2013, covering multiple initiatives:
a) FAME (Phase I & II) – 86% of the FAME II policy’s budget outlay has been allocated for the creation of demand. The
new rules provide a demand incentive of ₹ 10,000 per KWh. The cap on incentives for E2Ws has been reduced to 15
per cent of the ex-factory price of vehicles from 40 per cent previously (effective from 1st June 2023).
b) The rate of Goods and Services Tax on electric vehicles has been kept in the lower bracket of 5% (with no cess) as
against the 28% GST rate with cess up to 22% for ICE vehicles.
c) MoRTH also issued a notification in October 2018 which exempted electric vehicles from the requirement of obtaining
permit for their usage as goods or passenger transport vehicles.
2. Production-linked Incentive Scheme (PLI) for Automotive Sector (2021) (detailed in section A): The Scheme was open to
existing automotive companies as well as new investors (who are currently not in automobile or auto component
manufacturing business). Under the Champion OEM 2W & 3W scheme, 4 incumbent Automotive Investor OEMs (i.e.
OEMs already present in the automotive space with ICE 2Ws or 3Ws) and 6 New Non-Automotive Investor OEMs have
been approved.
3. Production-linked Incentive Scheme (PLI) for Advanced Cell Chemistry (2021): The Program will boost domestic
manufacturing and facilitate demand creation for both EVs and stationary battery storage. Three selected bidders (out of
10 received bids) signed the Program Agreement. Under this PLI, the manufacturing facility would have to be set up within
a period of two years. The incentive will be disbursed thereafter over a period of five years on sale of batteries manufactured
in India. In addition to the capacities allocated by the Ministry of Heavy Industries under the PLI Program, private players
are expected to create battery manufacturing capacity to the tune of ~95 GWh.
4. State based subsidies on EV are offered by several states in the range of ₹ 2,500-10,000 (US$ 31–- 125) per KWh on EV
purchase. The tax benefits, registration, and road tax waivers (different policies in different states) etc. further increased
penetration in these markets.
5. Charging Infra co-development by the government, automotive OEMs and focused startups, has also fueled E2W adoption.
As of March 2023, there were 6,586 public EV charging stations in India.
Scooters are leading the E2W penetration.
Stronger supply availability, compact and suitable designs, limited range anxiety, smaller (and lighter) batteries, lower initial
price difference and growing popularity in the Indian market, have resulted in scooters leading India’s E2W market. Within the
scooter segment, premium scooters subsegment (priced (ex-showroom) >₹100 thousand i.e. US$ 1250) have high electric
penetration of ~75% (in H1 FY 2024). With the projected decline in electric scooter prices, consumers are likely to see a higher
number of options across price ranges, driving greater adoption in the lower price bracket as well.

--- Page 144 ---
140
Fig. 14. (a) Electric Scooter penetration in India (H1
FY 2024)
(as % of total domestic scooter registrations)
Source(s): SIAM, Vahan Dashboard Data (MoRTH), Redseer Estimates
Note(s): Ex-showroom price considered
Limited options have restricted EV penetration in the motorcycle segment to <1%, with major EV play in the > ₹100 thousand
price segment. With the strengthening of supply in popular price segments through R&D & technological advancements,
penetration in the electric motorcycle segment is also expected to see an uptick.
E2Ws have also reached the smaller cities in India.
E2Ws are not only limited to the top cities but have also reached non-metro cities such as Kolhapur and Surat (with ~23% and
~15% E2W penetration respectively). Short & localized personal mobility needs in the smaller markets, wider distribution
networks by E2W OEMs, government initiatives to promote universal household electrification & power infrastructure
improvement, and focused financing support for low-mid income consumers, have driven universal adoption of E2Ws in the
country.
Fig.15. Electric Two-Wheeler penetration of selected cities of India (H1 FY 2024)
(as % of Total 2W Registrations)
Source(s): Vahan Dashboard Data (MoRTH)
Note(s): As per reported data from Regional Transport Offices (RTOs) in each city.
Certain states have also seen stronger E2W adoption than others, such as Goa (>16%), Delhi, Karnataka, and Kerala (>10%)
and Maharashtra (>9%).
Fig. 14. (b) Price-segment-wise Electric Scooter
Penetration in India (H1 FY 2024)
(as % of domestic scooter registrations)

--- Page 145 ---
141
Fig.16. E2W Penetration – State Level – H1 FY 2024
(% of 2W registrations)
Source(s): Vahan Data (Ministry of Road Transportation and Highways)
Note(s): Data for Telangana state is not available on Vahan Portal
India’s E2W penetration is potentially at an inflection point for explosive growth ahead.
Mature EV markets denote that EV penetration levels of 3-5% in the leading vehicle segment, (E4Ws in these markets) have
been followed by tremendous growth in EV adoption, driven by increased product awareness, greater user comfort and strong
market supply. India is projected to follow suit to see rapid increase in E2W adoption in the next ~5 years.
Fig. 17. E4W Penetration in Global Markets (Year 1 to Year 6)
(as % of total 4W domestic sales)
Source(s): 1. IEA, Electric car registrations and sales share in selected countries, 2018-2022, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/data-and-
statistics/charts/electric-car-registrations-and-sales-share-in-selected-countries-2018-2022, IEA. Licence: CC BY 4.0
2. IEA (2023), Global EV Outlook 2023, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/reports/global-ev-outlook-2023, License: CC BY 4.0
3. IEA, Electric car registrations and sales share in selected European countries, 2018-2022, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/data-and-statistics/charts/electric-
car-registrations-and-sales-share-in-selected-european-countries-2018-2022, IEA. Licence: CC BY 4.0
Note(s): 1. Year 1 represents the year when electric 4W penetration in the respective country was 1%
2. This is a work derived by Redseer from IEA material and Redseer is solely liable and responsible for this derived work. The derived work is not endorsed
by the IEA in any manner.

--- Page 146 ---
142
Moreover, there is a significant growth headroom in terms of E2W penetration when compared to the global markets. While
Vietnam’s electric vehicle market sees significant share from lead acid electric vehicles which are banned in India by the
Transport Authority in certain vehicle types, the penetration in China and European markets shows how E2W adoption can
grow on the back of regulatory support and strong supply. India has been following a similar journey, which is expected to
yield sizeable growth in E2W penetration.
Fig.18. Electric 2W Sales Penetration – global benchmarks (CY 2022 unless specified)
(as % of Domestic 2W Sales)
Source(s): Redseer Research and Analysis
Note(s): 1. India: Figure as of H1 FY 2024; Vietnam: Figure as of 2021; 2. Figures include E-bicycles 3. France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and UK: Motorcycle
figures Includes L3e, L4e and L5e categories.
As a result, E2W penetration is projected to grow to 41-56% of the domestic volumes in FY 2028.
Fig. 19. Electric Two-Wheeler Penetration Projection (FY 2018, FY 2023 and FY 2028P)
(in Mn, % of Two-Wheeler Sales)
Source(s): Redseer Research and Estimates
As per these estimates, E2Ws (1% in 2022 to ~50% penetration in 2028-2029) are expected to see faster adoption than other
disruptive technologies like smartphones (1% to 50% penetration in 11-12 years) and laptops (1% to 50% penetration in 17-18
years).

--- Page 147 ---
143
Fig. 20. Category sales penetration curves for Smartphones, Laptops and E2Ws
(as % of category sales volumes)
Source(s): Redseer Research & Estimates
Note(s): 1. Year 1 represents the year when technology achieved 1% category sales penetration
Multiple factors are expected to drive the steep adoption of E2Ws in India.
1. Reduction in initial vehicle price (led by the drop in Battery Price) – Battery pack (primarily constituted by cell and BMS)
contributes to 35-40% of an E2W’s Bill of Materials (BOM) cost. Global E2W battery pack prices have reduced by ~88%
between CY2010 (US$ 1183/kWh) and CY2023P (US$ 139/kWh). This has been due to the fall in the prices of cell raw
materials, innovation in cell chemistry (e.g. increased usage of cheaper and abundant materials in the cell composition such
as iron phosphate in LFP i.e. Lithium, iron phosphate batteries), greater supply of cell manufacturers and, increase in energy
density (which has made batteries smaller, lighter and cheaper). Further, a ~43% reduction in global battery pack prices is
projected in the next 7-8 years.
Fig.21. Global Li-ion Battery Pack price trend (CY2020 to CY2030P)
(in ₹ thousands/KWh)
Source(s): IEA, Evolution of Li-ion battery price, 1995-2019, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/data-and-statistics/charts/evolution-of-li-ion-battery-price-
1995-2019, IEA. Licence: CC BY 4.0, Redseer Research
Note: This is a work derived by Redseer from IEA material and Redseer is solely liable and responsible for this derived work. The derived work is not
endorsed by the IEA in any manner
2. Easing access to ‘Electric fuel’ and improving driving range – While ICE 2Ws need to be refueled at stations, ‘fuel’ for
E2Ws comes home for its users – leading to lesser energy loss, smaller refueling costs and greater convenience. A single
battery charge provides a range of 70-115 km on an average (for lithium-ion batteries) for E2Ws. Ongoing improvements

--- Page 148 ---
144
in the EV driving range (e.g. increasing battery density) are solving range anxiety, one of the primary challenges to EV
adoption.
The Ministry of Power has allowed sale of electricity as ‘service’ for charging of electric vehicles incentivizing investments
in charging infrastructure. Under Phase II of the FAME scheme 2877 charging stations have been sanctioned by the
government in 68 cities across 25 States/UTs. As of March 2023, there were 6,586 public EV charging stations (632 under
FAME I & II) in India with 419 on the National Highways (Source: Ministry of Heavy Industries)
Multiple categories of charging options being provided by various parties in India:
a) Charging at residences/offices using existing electricity connections and Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment.
b) Public Charging Stations installed by EV-OEMs or Non-OEMs in the EV charging space, including fast-charging
stations that allow quicker charging of the company specific EVs.
c) Battery Swapping Stations where any discharged or partially charged EV battery can replaced.
3. Scale Expansion by E2W OEMs – As opposed to the domestic ICE 2W market, which is heavily dominated by traditional
OEMs, E2W is more democratized in terms of supply. Easier product assembly due to fewer moving parts and availability
of certain components for off-the-shelf purchase along with regulatory support have encouraged new entrants in the market.
E2W OEMs will also be able to scale faster through quicker product diversification – they will be able to develop new
offerings (customized variants, new models) more easily than traditional ICE OEMs. They can utilize different
configuration and combinations of constituent components such as battery, motor etc. (with different ratings and capacities)
to introduce newer products much faster than their ICE counterparts. Typically, ICE variants require higher level of analysis
and modifications at component level (viz. engine, body shape and internal configuration) and manufacturing level.
Growing demand has also pushed traditional OEMs to increase their E2W production capacity.
4. Serving a variety of use-cases–- E2Ws have piqued the interest of all industries providing last mile and hyperlocal deliveries
(e.g. online food & grocery delivery, last-mile couriers, at-home beauticians / handymen etc.) as well as ride-hailing
services (2W taxi), owing to better economics and lower carbon footprint. E2W OEMs are designing specific products to
serve the B2B use cases which include features like greater carrying space (rather than the conventional pillion seat), longer
range over single charge etc. Innovations like swappable batteries also have the potential to accelerate B2B adoption.
5. Service network – While servicing and maintenance needs in E2Ws are low, owing to lesser number of moving parts (as
compared to ICE 2Ws), dedicated servicing & repair fleets are being developed by OEMs to cater to occasional customer
demand. Given E2Ws’ high technological depth and complexity, the after-sale service market for E2Ws is expected to stay
largely organized and OEM controlled.
6. Consistent government push – Persistent regulatory support across supply, demand, infrastructure, and financing etc. for
EVs is expected to continue.
Electrification is a “flywheel” and will accelerate the overall 2W adoption in India
E2Ws are likely to capture not just the ‘replacement’ demand but also generate new 2W demand by tapping interest from
households that do not currently own 2Ws, but look for lower cost of ownership, better performance, and sustainability.
Moreover, by providing use-case specific design and efficiency, E2Ws are projected to better capture the emerging demand in
the last mile and hyperlocal delivery segments. Thus, continuous flow of the electrification flywheel will accelerate the overall
2W adoption in India.
Certain E2Ws OEMs can also capture domestic E4W market and E2W export opportunities.
1. Domestic 4W Electrification- Government subsidies, EV specific car loans, significant tax rebates, lower running costs
and negligible maintenance costs pushed the initial demand for electric vehicles in the 4W-Passenger Vehicle market.
Traditional ICE OEMs entering the EV market and tech-led reduction in input prices, have built a supply of affordable
electric cars in India. On the back of these growth factors, EVs penetrated ~1.9% of the overall 4W registrations in H1
FY 2024, as per the vehicle registrations reported by MoRTH (Ministry of Road Transport and Highways) on the Vahan
portal.

--- Page 149 ---
145
Fig.22. Electric Four-Wheeler sales and Penetration in India (FY 2018 to H1 FY 2024)
(In 000 units, penetration as % of total 4W domestic sales volume)
Source(s): Vahan Dashboard Data (MoRTH)
Yet, E4W penetration is much lower than 2Ws, because of higher initial prices vs ICE, lack of charging space in Indian
households, limited supply with few players in the market, underdeveloped charging and servicing infrastructure. Most
OEMs in the nascent India E4W market are ICE-OEMs cross-utilizing their existing ICE-4W platforms to produce E4Ws.
There is a large headroom available for E4W penetration in India (as compared to the global markets), creating space for
more OEMs to enter the market and for OEMs to advance their EV production approaches.
Fig.23. E4W Penetration – Global Benchmark (CY 2022) and India (FY 2023)
(As % of total 4W domestic sales volume)
Source(s): Redseer Research and Analysis
Note(s): 1. Global Markets for benchmarks have been selected with the consideration to cover leading and comparable markets across North America (US,
Mexico), LATAM (Brazil), Europe (Germany, Norway, Sweden, Netherlands, UK, France, Italy, Spain), Asia (China, India), South-East Asia (Thailand,
Indonesia)
Growth in E4W penetration in Norway and Sweden has been driven by strong policy interventions, aimed at reducing the
purchase price of electric vehicles and deployment of charging infrastructure. With a similar government-led emphasis in India,
along with supply strengthening, increased consumer education & awareness around advanced feature set, improved product
experience and lower total costs of ownership, E4W penetration is projected to reach 11-13% of total 4W-Passenger Vehicle
sales volume by FY 2028.

--- Page 150 ---
146
Fig.24. (a) E4W sales and Penetration in India (FY 2018,
FY 2023 and FY 2028P)
(In Mn, penetration as % of Total 4W-Passenger Vehicle
Domestic Sales)
Source(s): 1. India: Vahan Dashboard Data (MoRTH), Redseer Estimates, 2. China: As per IEA (2023), Global EV Outlook 2023, IEA, Paris
https://www.iea.org/reports/global-ev-outlook-2023, License: CC BY 4.0, China Association of Automobile Manufacturers
E2W OEMs, who own the EV’s manufacturing technology, are well equipped to extend their play in the E4W segment
and unlock a part of the immense growth potential. Specifically, ownership of the cell technology and vehicle software
will be crucial to drive extendibility in the E4W segment. Further, E2W OEMs can cross-leverage portions of their supply-
chain and EV brand to command a strong position in the E4W market.
2. 2W Exports - India is globally the second largest market in terms of domestic sales of 2Ws. Other global key markets of
2Ws (in terms of sales) include China (~60-65 Mn), Indonesia (~5 Mn), Vietnam (~3 Mn) and Thailand (~2 Mn) as of CY
2022.  ~18% of the 2W volumes produced in India have exported in the last 5 years (FY 2019 to FY 2023). Indian climate,
traffic, road, and riding conditions that require robust, sturdy high-quality products, have has created a strong image for
Indian 2Ws globally.
This provides a strong export opportunity for domestically produced E2Ws, which are more efficient & sustainable and
available at a slightly higher initial price (vs ICE 2Ws). Furthermore, the government is facilitating increase in exports
under the Export Promotion of Capital Goods Scheme where battery electric vehicles of all types will be eligible for reduced
export obligation requirement. Custom duty exemptions have also been provided on imported capital goods required to
manufacture lithium-ion cells for EV batteries, to maintain global competitiveness and enhance their exports.
Emerging markets such as Africa, LATAM and SEA countries which see thriving 2W demand can serve as significant
export opportunities. These markets currently constitute ~75% of India’s 2W exports and therefore share stable and
established trade relations. Promising demand in these markets is under-tapped due to limited domestic E2W supply in
these markets.
In addition, mature western markets like Europe, which contribute a major share to China’s E2W exports, hold great
demand potential owing to mature customer sensibilities and rapidly growing awareness about sustainability. Growing
tension in trade relations between the western markets and China (20-80% tariffs have been levied by the United States
and European Union on Chinese imports), can create greater demand for better value Indian alternatives. The total
addressable market for 2W exports from India is ₹ 7.2-8.0 Tn (US$ 90-100 Bn).
Fig. 24. (b) E4W Penetration in China (CY 2020
- CY 2022) and comparison with India
(penetration as % of Total 4W-Passenger Vehicle
Domestic Sales)

--- Page 151 ---
147
Huge addressable market is available for E2W OEMs.
As a result of the above, E2W players are addressing a large and promising domestic vehicle market of ~20 Mn unit sales
volume in FY 2023 (~5.2 Mn scooters, ~10.8 Mn motorcycles, ~3.9 Mn 4W-Passenger Vehicles), which is projected to grow
to ~32 Mn units annual sales volume by FY 2028 (~12 Mn scooters, ~15 Mn motorcycles, ~5 Mn 4W-Passenger Vehicles).
This translates into a TAM of ₹ 4.5-5.4 Tn (US$55-65 Bn) in FY 2023, which is projected to reach ₹8.0-9.1 Tn (US$100-115
Bn) by FY 2028.
Fig.25. (a) Total Addressable Market (Domestic Sales of
Motorcycle & Mopeds, Scooters and 4W) in India (FY
2023 and FY 2028P)
(In ₹Tn)
Source(s): Redseer Estimates
In addition, 2W exports provide a global market opportunity of 100-110 Mn units.
Fig.26. 2W Export Opportunity for India (CY2022)
(% share of country / region in total global 2W sales)
Source(s): Redseer Estimates
Note: 1. Excludes India
Fig. 25. (b) Electric Vehicle sales - Motorcycle &
Mopeds, Scooters and 4W in India (FY 2023 and
FY 2028P)
(In₹ Tn)

--- Page 152 ---
148
Section C: India E2W Success Factors and Key Business Models
Disruptors, who follow a vertically integrated approach and work towards localizing their supply chain, are better placed to
win India’s E2W market.
Globally, disruptor OEMs (when compared to the incumbents) have emerged as winners in the EV industry driven by their
ability to innovate. Even in India, disruptor OEMs have scaled well to cover more than 70% of the E2W domestic sales by
volume in H1 FY 2024. Disruptor OEMs have taken multiple approaches in the Indian E2W market, including the vertically
integrated approach which enables the OEMs to have a stronger control over the vehicle performance and costs. Within the
ecosystem, it is the most critical to own the development of EV technology elements including the battery pack, software, motor
& drivetrain and electronics & electricals, along with their interplay with each other and rest of the EV components.
Additionally, in the Indian context, it is crucial for OEMs to rely on domestic sourcing and manufacturing as it enables them
to improve product quality and compliance with regulation while saving costs & import duties.
Disruptors have led the global EV markets and are also ahead in India’s E2W market.
In the major global EV markets, disruptors, who are born electric players, focus on innovation (a key part of their
organizational culture) and have emerged as leaders over incumbents. Disruptors have not only innovated at the product
level, but also inculcated significant process innovations. Instead of trying to force-fit EVs in existing ICE vehicle supply chains
and distribution channels, global disruptors have built EV-specific manufacturing-to-market paths. Their EVs are built as next-
gen automotives enabling a transition from commute-only vehicles to digitally connected smart devices with advanced
functionality. Being category creators helps disruptors in establishing a brand name which becomes synonymous to the
market/product for the consumers. Their innovation-first culture and tech-led business model attracts competent tech and
research teams, building new-age, young and dynamic talent in-house.
Incumbents, on the other hand, face challenges that inhibit their ability to capitalize on the EV opportunity. These challenges
include their dependence on ICE, split focus on R&D, limited electric powertrain expertise, assembly-led industry model and
typically long product development timelines. Incumbents are at a disadvantage in the fast-paced innovation-driven EV market.
Disruptor OEMs have also emerged in the India E2W market and have gained a larger market share.
Fig.27. Total E2W Registrations in India, market share of Incumbents Vs Disruptors in India (FY 2022 – H1 FY 2024)
(in Mn units, share as % of E2W registrations)
Source(s): Vahan Data (Ministry of Road Transportation and Highways), Redseer Analysis
Note(s): - 1. Incumbents: 2W OEMs who have existing ICE 2W products and have also introduced Electric 2W in India. This also includes subsidiary
companies of such Incumbents, which only have E2W products.  2. Disruptors: 2W OEMs who have entered the market with only electric 2-wheeler
products in their automotive product portfolio 3. Registration data from Vahan Dashboard does not include Low-speed scooters and E-bicycles sold.
Vertically-integrated approach, comprising complete ownership of EV value chain activities including research,
manufacturing technology and consumer touchpoints, is more effective.
Disruptor OEMs in India’s E2Ws market, currently take multiple approaches, broadly segmented into Vertically Integrated
approach and Partial Ownership approach. Vertically Integrated approach refers to the complete ownership of all the key EV
manufacturing & retail activities by E2W OEM, primarily covering R&D, manufacturing, charging network, sales and
distribution and after-sales services.

--- Page 153 ---
149
Fig.28. Approaches taken by E2W OEMs in India
(Descriptive)
Note(s): 1. In the above table,  indicates that the E2W OEM has in-house capability and ownership of the respective activity in the value chain;   indicates
that E2W OEM may have partial or complete in-house capability / ownership2. ‘*’: activities undertaken through dealer and service partner networks
Vertically integrated approach has generated better outcomes for global EV OEMs as it offers strong control over the product,
profitability, and scalability. This was demonstrated in the strong resilience of such OEMs during the global chip shortage,
which affected all automotive manufacturers. EV disruptor OEMs with vertically integrated approach were able to capture
market demand (better than incumbents) by coming up with agile and adaptable solutions (e.g. rewriting software which was
compatible to available chip supply).
Mentioned below are the critical aspects of the vertically integrated approach.
Ownership of R&D & Technology – Designing and development of EV technology components (cell & battery pack,
software, motor & drive train and electronics) in-house (rather than procuring readily available off-the shelf items) enhances
control over the product. This is fundamental for improving vehicle functionality, catering to emerging use-cases and
responding to customer needs with agility. These components constitute majority of the vehicle BOM, making their ownership
critical to provide competitive cost advantage and boost the OEM margins.

--- Page 154 ---
150
Fig.29. E2W BOM Cost by Key Components
(as % of E2W Vehicle BOM Cost)
Source(s): Redseer Research and Analysis
Note: BMS- Battery Management System
a.
Cell: Battery pack comprises 35-40% of the E2W vehicle cost, of which 80-85% is constituted by the cells, making it
the most critical component of the E2W. The speed, per charge range, charge time, safety, weight and price of the
vehicle depend heavily on the cell.
Innovations in cell chemistry have been (and will continue to be) core to EV adoption globally (making EVs
comparable to ICE vehicles in terms of both performance and costs).
-
As mentioned in section A, lithium-ion based cells, such as NMC and LFP, are currently seeing widespread
adoption, given their unique benefits.
-
Recent innovations have yielded ‘4680’, a 46X80 mm cylindrical cell (which is expected to replace the 21X70
mm cell), which is 5.5x larger in size and has higher energy density that increases the driving range of the
vehicle. It also offers a higher charging rate (leading to shorter charging times), improved heat dissipation
performance (leading to increased safety) and reduced production costs (fewer parts).
-
Furthermore, cell technology is expected to undergo greater innovation to reduce dependence on critical
materials and ensure supply-chain sustainability. Innovations such as use of silicon (as anode) to improve
energy density and cheaper alternatives like sodium-ion batteries, are already underway (though their
commercialization may take several years).
Consequently, leading global EV manufacturers have developed in-house cell manufacturing capabilities. Large scale
cell production has helped these players unlock greater efficiency, making their products superior in terms of quality
and accessibility to consumers across the world. Hence, ownership of the cell manufacturing will be crucial to gain
edge in a competitive Indian E2W market.
Additionally, it can help OEMs to control industry manufacturing value-chains in the long run. India is projected to
require 40-60 GWh in terms of E2W battery requirements by FY 2028 (considering 11-15 Mn E2W vehicle sales in
FY 2028). Furthermore, India’s annual demand for ACC batteries is projected to rise to 104-260 GWh (from 2.7 GWh)
by 2030 across multiple sectors (Source: Niti Aayog). Under the PLI scheme for ACC energy storage, manufacturing
facilities are being set up with the objective of achieving 50 GWh of domestic capacity by 2030.
b. Battery Management System (BMS) – Multiple cells are assembled into a module and connected with battery
management system, to create the battery pack. The BMS safeguards both the rider and the battery by ensuring that
the cell operates within safe (and optimum) operating parameters. Global battery packs made in South Korea, China
and USA are not made specifically for Indian riding conditions (tropical temperatures, rain, dust, road vibrations and
high humidity). Indian BMS needs to be contextualized to manage safety, range, and performance of the E2Ws, making
its ownership critical for long-term success.

--- Page 155 ---
151
c.
Software – Lack of availability of standard applications for enabling digital features on E2Ws (as opposed to E4Ws)
has pushed E2Ws OEMs to invest in vehicle software development. OEMs who build their own vehicle software can
better adapt it to the hardware and provide superior experience (vs OEMs who outsource software development) during
and beyond the ride. Owning the software also provides greater scalability by allowing cross-leveraging of features
across various EV models (including scooters, motorcycles, mopeds and four-wheelers). In addition, it allows for
wider feature set (as opposed to ICE vehicles) that is contextualized to local conditions (such as vernacular maps,
connected vehicles, geo-fencing, music-on-go/music control, party mode, call control, voice assistant, reverse mode,
incognito mode etc.). Moreover, it can offer increased control and readiness in cases of supply chain disruptions and
electronic shortages. Also, it enables the OEM to drive superior engagement efforts, such as community building
among consumers, new feature updates etc.
d. Premiumization trends are likely to be seen in the E2W market as well. Software owning OEMs can competitively
cater to this demand through differentiated feature offerings that enhance safety (hill-hold, safety light, guide-me-
home light, keyless entry, theft and tow alerts, emergency SOS buttons etc.) and provide better communication and
entertainment.
e.
Integration capabilities – In addition to owning the individual technological components discussed above, it is
important for E2W players to own their integration with each other and other vehicle components. An integrated
assembly provides greater product control (performance, experience, design and costs), while also better preparing
OEMs against external disruptions.
For example, design integration capability can enable OEMs to create products that serve multitude of use-cases. On
the other hand, while software-led integration of electronics is crucial to improve power train efficiency and digital
feature enablement, in-house motor manufacturing can provide flexibility and smoother interplay of hardware
components. Additionally, vertical integration will allow for better usage and utilization of manufacturing as the OEMs
will be able to churn out more market-ready and customer-centric products. It will also result in lower dependency on
other agencies, leading to higher efficiency in operations and leaner cost structures.
1. Direct Customer Engagement
Distribution of traditional ICE 2Ws is led by dealerships in India (over 35000 dealerships across the country as of FY
2023), wherein dealers are responsible for not only sales but also after-sale services. However, E2W is an emerging
category where consumers need greater support with discovery & education of the products (and the after-sale service
requirements are also limited). Hence, OEM-owned distribution & retail of E2Ws could be more effective.
-
Direct consumer engagement would provide OEMs with first-hand data and insights (on customer demographics,
expectations, and satisfaction levels) leading to higher prediction accuracy, agility and prompt problem solving.
Furthermore, it would lead to additional cost efficiency (by elimination of dealership margins).
-
It can be further complemented by integrating digital offerings (for example test drive booking, vehicle booking,
financing, insurance, and payments etc.) that create a seamless buying journey.
In addition, OEMs can strengthen their brand among consumers by continuing to engage directly after purchase:
-
OEM built charging infrastructure enhances user experience through digital connectivity, updates, and fast charging
facilities.
-
Owning the servicing infrastructure enables the OEM to provide a safe and hassle-free after-sale experience to the
customers.
-
OEMs can also leverage the EVs’ connectivity features to provide regular software updates to enhance vehicle
performance and improve customers’ overall experience
Localized supply chain is crucial for an E2W OEM to succeed in India.
Localization of E2Ws production can optimize quality and margin benefits (eliminating supplier margins & import duties), part
of which can be passed on to the consumers.
Following components have significant indigenization potential:

--- Page 156 ---
152
1. Cell - ~70% of the cell’s cost comes from the raw materials in use. Indian OEMs can localize 50-60% of the overall cell
BOM costs as rest of the raw materials are unavailable in the country (e.g., Lithium, Nickel and Cobalt create dependence
on imports). However, graphite, manganese (used in NMC batteries) and aluminum (used in Nickel Cobalt Aluminum
batteries) are abundantly present in India and can be used in domestic cell production.
2. Motor – Electric motors require rare earth magnets that are not available in India, however, all the other components of
the motor can be locally sourced.
3. Power electronics - While silicon-based semiconductors are not yet produced in India, electronic components like printed
circuit boards that use these chips, can be locally designed and assembled through contract manufacturing to contextualize
the products as per Indian environments.
4. Other electrical and mechanical components – These are produced domestically at scale by Indian manufacturers and can
be localized to enhance control and improve the production economics.
In addition to a better supply chain and product quality control, localization is also required for achieving the benefits of the
regulatory schemes. The FAME subsidy requires the production or assembling of the vehicle to be done domestically, while
the PLI scheme for automotive requires applicants to achieve a Domestic Value Addition of 50% to claim incentives.
Additional efficiency can be built in indigenized sourcing supply chains via integrated production hubs with co-location of
suppliers. This would allow for the optimum backward and forward integration mix of value-chain activities, efficient supplier
relationships and optimized manufacturing capacity.
Conclusion
India accounts for 15-20% of global production for 2W and is the 3rd largest 4W-Passenger Vehicle market in the world (in
terms of sales volumes), with strong growth headroom in both segments. India’s automotive market is undergoing EV-led
transformation with EVs emerging as the next-gen smart products. Indian government has also provided impetus to promote
domestic manufacturing and adoption of Electric vehicles through production-linked incentives for manufacturers and
subsidies.
2Ws have been at the forefront of automotive electrification in India, emerging as the more appealing alternative (as compared
to 4W) to the price sensitive Indian consumer, with a lower initial price differential vis-à-vis their ICE counterparts.
Technologically advanced electric vehicles are expected to disrupt the India market with greater affordability, advanced
software enabled features, better consumer experience and decarbonization capabilities. E2W adoption has grown rapidly to
reach ~5.1% of total 2W registrations in India in H1 FY 2024. E2W are projected to account for 41-56% of the domestic 2W
sales volumes by FY2028. E2W OEMs are also well placed to serve the exports opportunity of 100-110 Mn units globally.
Globally, disruptor OEMs (when compared to the incumbents) have emerged as the winners in the EV industry driven by their
ability to innovate. Even in India, disruptor OEMs have scaled well to cover more than 70% of the E2W domestic sales by
volume in H1 FY 2024. Disruptor OEMs have taken multiple approaches in the Indian E2W market, including the Vertically
Integrated approach which enables the OEMs to have a stronger control over the vehicle performance and costs. Hence,
successful E2W OEM in India will need to have greater control over manufacturing technology- it will be critical to own key
EV technology elements such as the cell and battery pack, software, motor & drive train and electricals & electronics, along
with their interplay with each other and rest of the EV components. It will also be crucial for OEMs to rely on domestic sourcing
as it will enable them to improve product quality and compliance with regulations while saving costs & import duties.

--- Page 157 ---
153
OUR BUSINESS
Some of the information in the following section, especially information with respect to our plans and strategies, consists of
certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those
expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. You should read the section “Forward-Looking Statements” on
page 26 for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to those statements and the section “Risk Factors” on page 28
for a discussion of certain risks that may affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Unless otherwise
stated, or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated
Consolidated Financial Information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus beginning on page 232. Industry and market
data used in this section have been extracted from the Redseer Report, which has been commissioned by our Company
exclusively in connection with the Offer for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in which we operate.
For further details and risks in relation to the Redseer Report, see “Risk Factors – We have used information from the Redseer
Report which we commissioned for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and any reliance on such
information is subject to inherent risks.” on page 51. The Redseer Report will form part of the material documents for inspection
and is available on the website of our Company at https://olaelectric.com/investor-relations/reports. The information in the
following section is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read together with, the more detailed financial and other
information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the information contained in “Risk Factors”, “Industry
Overview”, “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 28, 129, 232 and 308, respectively.
Who We Are
We are a pure EV player in India and are building vertically integrated technology and manufacturing capabilities for EVs and
EV components, including cells. We manufacture EVs and certain core EV components like battery packs, motors and vehicle
frames at the Ola Futurefactory. Our business focuses on capturing the opportunity arising out of electrification of mobility in
India and we also seek opportunities to export our EVs in select international markets in the future. We have delivered four
products and additionally announced six new products since our first product announcement in August 2021. We commenced
delivery of our first EV model, the Ola S1 Pro, in December 2021. This was followed by the delivery of the Ola S1 in September
2022, the Ola S1 Air in August 2023 and the Ola S1 X+ in December 2023. On August 15, 2023, we announced other new EV
scooter models, the Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and the Ola S1 X (3 kWh), in addition to the Ola S1 X+, as well as a line-up of
motorcycles comprising four models, Diamondhead, Adventure, Roadster and Cruiser. We plan to commence delivery of the
Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and the Ola S1 X (3 kWh) by the first half of Fiscal 2025 and the motorcycles in the first half of Fiscal 2026.
We had the highest revenue of all Indian incorporated electric 2Ws (“E2Ws”) original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”)
from E2W sales in Fiscal 2023, according to the Redseer Report. Within nine months of delivering our first EV scooter in
December 2021, we became the best-selling E2W brand in India in terms of monthly E2W registrations on the VAHAN Portal
of Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (“VAHAN”) according to the Redseer Report.
Research and development (“R&D”) and technology is at the core of our business model with a focus on in-house product
innovation. We undertake R&D activities in India, the United Kingdom (“UK”) and the United States (“US”) focused on
designing and developing new EV products and core EV components, such as battery packs, motors and vehicle frames. We
are in the process of building our EV hub in Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts in Tamil Nadu, India, which includes our Ola
Futurefactory, our upcoming Ola Gigafactory and co-located suppliers in Krishnagiri district. At our Ola Futurefactory, we
manufacture our EV scooters using certain EV components manufactured in-house and other components procured from third
parties, such as cells. The Ola Futurefactory is the largest integrated and automated E2W manufacturing plant in India (in terms
of production capacity) by an E2W-only OEM, as of September 30, 2023, according to the Redseer Report. In addition, we
operate a BIC in Bengaluru, India that is focused on developing cell and battery technology and manufacturing processes for
our forthcoming cell manufacturing at the Ola Gigafactory.
We operate our own direct-to-customer (“D2C”) omnichannel distribution network comprising 935 experience centres and 414
service centres (of which 410 service centres are located within experience centres) situated across India, as of October 31,
2023, in addition to our Ola Electric website. Our network of experience centres was India’s largest company-owned network
of experience centres as of September 30, 2023 according to the Redseer Report.

--- Page 158 ---
154
The following table sets forth our key operating and financial metrics:
Notes:
(1)  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, or EBITDA, is a non-GAAP measure which represents loss for the period/year, before tax
expenses, finance costs and depreciation and amortisation expenses. For reconciliation, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – Summary Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Measures” on page 328.
(2)
Source: Redseer Report
Market Opportunity
Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data appearing in this section have been derived from the Redseer Report.
India is emerging as a manufacturing powerhouse of EVs. India is the second largest 2W market globally and third largest
in the 4W market in terms of domestic sales. The total addressable market for 2W exports from India is between ₹ 7.20 trillion
to ₹ 8.00 trillion. The trend towards electrification of mobility is driven by increasing affordability of EVs attributable to lower
battery prices, improved EV driving ranges and regulatory support amongst other factors, in addition to advanced software
enabled features, favourable policy environment and a lower carbon footprint as compared to internal combustion engine
vehicles (“ICE”). E2Ws are at the forefront of the electrification of mobility in India due to their favourable total cost of
ownership (“TCO”). E2W adoption has grown rapidly to reach approximately 5.1% of total 2W registrations in India the first
half of Fiscal 2024. E2Ws are projected to account for 41-56% of the domestic 2W sales volume by Fiscal 2028. Additionally,
markets like Africa, LATAM and SE Asia provide an export opportunity for Indian E2W OEMs further increasing their TAM.
E2W OEMs are well placed to leverage an export opportunity of 100-110 million units globally.
India is the 2nd largest 2W market globally (by domestic sales volume), with the Indian 2W market constituting 15-20% of
the global 2W production in Fiscal 2023. Despite having the second largest domestic 2W sales volume, E2W penetration in
India is lower than Germany, China, France, Spain and Italy but is expected to expand from approximately 4.5% of domestic
2W registrations reported on the VAHAN portal in Fiscal 2023 to 41-56% of domestic 2W sales volume by Fiscal 2028.
Approximately 18% of vehicles manufactured in India in Fiscal 2023 were exported. In Fiscal 2023, approximately 75%
of 2W exports from India were to Africa, LATAM and Southeast Asia geographies that are categorized by limited domestic
E2W supply. Further mature markets such as Europe contribute a major share to China’s E2W exports and represent an
additional export opportunity for Indian E2W OEMs. Overall, 2W exports provide a global market opportunity of 100-110
million units per annum.
India’s favourable policy environment is also accelerating electrification of mobility led by improved EV penetration
across vehicle segments. The National Electric Mobility Mission Plan (“NEMMP”) 2020 of the Government of India covers
multiple incentives including demand incentives for various EV categories. In 2015, the FAME scheme was launched pursuant
to the NEMMP. In 2020, the Government of India launched the production-linked incentive (“PLI”) schemes across various
sectors to boost domestic manufacturing, reduce import dependence, encourage exports and generate employment, of which
India’s automobile industry is a key beneficiary. In addition, certain states in India provide EV purchase related subsidies, tax
benefits, vehicle registration and road tax waivers to enhance EV penetration in such local markets.

--- Page 159 ---
155
We believe that we are well-positioned to address this large market opportunity in EV led by our vertical integrated
approach, focus on technology, R&D, execution ability and eligibility to avail certain government incentives. Globally disruptor
OEMs (versus incumbent OEMs) have emerged as winners in EVs driven by a focus on innovation. Similarly, in India, disruptor
OEMs have scaled well to cover more than 70% of the E2W domestic sales by volume in the first half of Fiscal 2024.
Our Business Model
Our business model is founded on three key scalable platforms: (1) our R&D and technology platform with in-house design
and development across EV technologies and components, (2) adaptable manufacturing and supply chain platform, and (3)
D2C omnichannel distribution platform. Our model is vertically integrated across R&D and technology, manufacturing, supply
chain, sales and service, and charging facilities.
Our R&D and technology platform consists of the following technologies which are interconnected: (a) software, including
our in-house developed operating system, MoveOS, (b) electronics, (c) motor and drivetrain, (d) cells and battery packs and (e)
manufacturing technology. These technologies enable the development of an adaptable platform architecture that can be used
to develop different EV models, giving us better control over product and performance and cost, and enabling us to achieve a
fast time to market. For example, the Ola S1 Air and Ola S1 X+ models use the same battery packs.
Our manufacturing and supply chain platform consists of a vertically integrated manufacturing ecosystem across core EV
components like battery packs, motors and vehicle frames, a resilient and common supply chain with a focus on co-location
and localization and flexible assembly lines. This platform, combined with our ability to scale our manufacturing capacity in
coordination with our network of suppliers, help us drive down costs and optimize capital expenditure on the development of
our EVs. For example, the core components of the Ola S1 Pro, Ola S1 Air, and Ola S1 X+, such as battery packs, motors and
vehicle frames, are manufactured on the same assembly line. In addition, all of our servicing and training infrastructure is
common across all our EV models.
Our D2C omnichannel distribution platform consists of an integrated company-owned sales and service network, a charging
network, and an online retail platform. We distribute, sell and service all of our current EV models, comprising the Ola S1 Pro,
the Ola S1 Air and Ola S1 X+ on the same platform, and all our EV models are able to charge on the same charging network.
Through this platform, we are able to reach a broader customer base and maintain greater control over the customer experience.
This platform can be scaled to accommodate future EV models, enabling us to achieve a faster time to market and optimize our
investment in infrastructure.

--- Page 160 ---
156
Three key pillars of our business model

--- Page 161 ---
157
Our vertically integrated approach
Notes:
(1)  We currently source cells from suppliers and are in the process of developing cell technologies and cell manufacturing processes for use in the Ola
Gigafactory. Phase 1(a) of the Ola Gigafactory is expected to be completed and operational by March 31, 2024.
(2)  We manufacture EVs and core EV components, such as battery packs, motors and vehicle frames, internally and source other EV components from
third parties.
Our business model across the three key pillars enables us to improve our EVs’ performance, resulting in a better customer
experience, business growth and control over cost. This enables us to continuously focus and invest in R&D and technology,
giving rise to flywheel effects.
Our Flywheel

--- Page 162 ---
158
Our Product Philosophy
Our product philosophy of best design, best performance and best technology is central to our product development. We focus
exclusively on EV technologies that are necessary for the manufacturing and performance of our EVs. We have designed our
products on a common and adaptable platform architecture comprising standardized EV components, designed internally, such
as our electric powertrain, which includes a modular battery pack with BMS and motor, as well as a power electronics module.
These components can be adapted for use in different EV models, allowing us to develop newer models on such platform in a
timely and cost-efficient manner. Our current EV scooter Generation 2 platform is the base for the Ola S1 scooter models – Ola
S1 Pro, Ola S1 Air, Ola S1 X+, Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and Ola S1 X (3 kWh). Our Generation 2 platform enhances key features of
our EV scooters such as acceleration, speed, range, motor power and battery performance as compared to the Generation 1
platform. We also plan to replicate the platform approach for our recently announced motorcycle range which comprises four
models – Diamondhead, Adventure, Roadster and Cruiser. Platform-based product development is central to our product
strategy, as we have designed flexible manufacturing lines that are adaptable to different product offerings. All our products
are powered by MoveOS, an operating system developed in-house. In September 2023, we launched MoveOS version 4, as a
beta roll-out, which includes various new features such as navigation powered by Ola Maps (owned by Geospoc Geospatial
Services Private Limited, a Promoter Group company), call filter, ‘find my scooter’, geofencing, time fencing, anti-theft alert,
fall detection, hill hold, auto turn-off indicators, ride journal and energy insights. Our EV scooters are connected to our network
and designed to transmit data through our vehicle telematics systems, which enables us to continually enhance our product
features and performance.
Our Focus on R&D and Technology
Technology is at the core of our business model. Our R&D centres and BIC are staffed with engineers with electrical,
electronics, chemical, mining, automotive, mechanical and engineering qualifications and automotive experience in vehicle
product development, designing, engineering and manufacturing. Our commitment to technology and innovation is reflected in
our pool of 974 on-roll and off-roll employees dedicated to R&D across product development, vehicle and software engineering,
vehicle design and cell development, as of October 31, 2023. Our platform consists of the following technologies that are
interconnected: (a) software including our in-house developed operating system, MoveOS (b) electronics (c) motor and
drivetrain (d) cells and battery packs and (e) manufacturing technology. As part of our product development efforts, these EV
technologies are developed internally, giving us significant control over our product performance.
Our Manufacturing and Supply Chain Capabilities
We built the Ola Futurefactory in eight months, reaching an installed capacity of one million units per year as of October 31,
2023. We manufacture EVs and certain core EV components like battery packs, motors and vehicle frames (starting on August
1, 2023) at the Ola Futurefactory. This, combined with our in-house design and R&D capabilities, enhance our control over EV
scooter quality and performance, optimize costs and enable us to achieve fast time to market and scalability.
We are also building our EV hub in Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts in Tamil Nadu, India, which is expected to span up
to 2,000 acres of land, and includes our Ola Futurefactory, our upcoming Ola Gigafactory for cell manufacturing in Krishnagiri
district and co-located suppliers in Krishnagiri district. Our EV hub includes 700 acres of land that the State Government of
Tamil Nadu has reserved for two years for allotment to our suppliers that co-locate within our EV hub pursuant to a
Memorandum of Understanding (“MoU”) dated February 18, 2023. Three of our direct and indirect suppliers are currently co-
located in our EV hub.
Our EV hub is pivotal to our aim to become a hub for manufacturing quality EVs and to build an EV supply chain ecosystem
within the EV hub that is efficient and resilient. For raw materials and processing facilities that we do not currently own, we
are assessing the feasibility of a variety of options, such as long-term supply agreements and direct or indirect ownership to
secure an uninterrupted supply for our production.
Our D2C Pan India Network and Omnichannel Customer Experience
We operate our own D2C distribution network comprising 935 experience centres and 414 service centres (of which 410 service
centres are located within experience centres) situated across India, as of October 31, 2023, in addition to our Ola Electric
website. Our network of experience centres was India’s largest company-owned network of experience centres as of September
30, 2023 according to the Redseer Report.
Our customers have access to an omnichannel purchase experience through our Ola Electric website, our online platform for
D2C sales to customers, which customers can also access at our experience centres. Customers can discover our products,
reserve test drives and pre-order and purchase EV scooters through the Ola Electric website, and track the status of after-sales

--- Page 163 ---
159
services at our service centres through the Ola Electric Companion app. We deliver our vehicles across India.
Our omnichannel network helps us increase our reach and manage customer engagement and experience. For example, we
received a total of 54.80 million unique users on our Ola Electric website in Fiscal 2023 and 23.22 million unique users between
June 2023 to October 2023. In October 2023, 80.68% of our EV scooter owners visited our Ola Electric Companion app at least
once to access various features and/or functions on the app. Our D2C model can lead to cost efficiency by eliminating dealership
margins, according to the Redseer Report.
Our customers may also subscribe to our Ola Care and Ola Care+ programs for a fixed annual fee through the Ola Electric
Website and the Ola Electric Companion app and receive services and assistance at home or any other locations by submitting
a request through our Ola Electric Companion app. According to the Redseer Report, we are India’s first E2W OEM of scale
to provide an end-to-end online purchase experience to customers.
In addition to facilitating home charging through portable chargers, we currently also offer our customers exclusive charging
services through our charging network, which comprised 224 hyper charger guns and 764 standard charger guns across 17 and
21 states, respectively, as of October 31, 2023. Our EV scooter owners can achieve a 50 km driving range on a 15-minute
charge at our hyper charger guns. Our EV scooter owners currently charge their EV scooters at our standard and hyper charger
guns for free until December 31, 2023, after which, we may charge for such services. Our charger guns are exclusively for the
use of Ola EV scooter owners and are currently not accessible to other scooter users.
Eligibility for the PLI Schemes
Our Company has been approved for India’s PLI schemes – one relating to the manufacturing of advanced automotive
technology products (the “Automobile PLI Scheme”), and another relating to advanced cell chemistry batteries (the “Cell
PLI Scheme”). For further details, please see the section titled “Key Regulations and Policies” on page 189. We are the only
EV manufacturer in India that is a beneficiary of two PLI schemes, according to the Redseer Report. Under the Cell and
Automotive PLI Schemes, all of the advanced chemistry cells and EVs that we manufacture and sell will qualify us for cash
incentive up until the specified cap under the schemes.
Our Material Subsidiary, OET has been approved to be eligible for the Champion OEM Incentive Scheme under the Automobile
PLI Scheme vide a letter of award dated February 22, 2022, from the Industrial Finance Corporation of India Limited, project
management agency for PLI-Auto. Under the Automobile PLI scheme, incentives are available for up to five consecutive
financial years, commencing from Fiscal 2023, where the incentive availed for a financial year will be disbursed in the
subsequent financial year. The Automobile PLI Scheme requires approved applicants to apply for registration of their products
as eligible advanced automotive technology vehicles, in respect of which pre-approval of the eligible product will be undertaken
by the testing agency of the MHI, and a minimum 50% domestic value addition on the eligible product, that is required to be
certified by the testing agency of MHI, for being eligible for incentives. Upon receipt of the approval certificate from the testing
agencies, approved products would be eligible for incentive under the Automobile PLI Scheme. Under the Automobile PLI
Scheme, the incentive amount would range between 13% and 18% of the “determined sales value” (“DSV”). We expect to
become eligible for subsidies from the Automobile PLI Scheme from January 2024 onwards.
Meanwhile, we have been awarded 20GWh capacity under the Cell PLI Scheme vide a letter of award dated March 28, 2022
from the Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India, the most received by any Cell PLI recipients, according to the
Redseer Report. The Cell PLI Scheme provides for a cash incentive to be distributed to our Company on a quarterly basis which
is dependent on the percentage of value addition during the relevant period and actual sale of the advanced chemistry cells. We
are eligible to receive the incentives under the Cell PLI Scheme over a five-year period from the commissioning date of our
Ola Gigafactory, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. Under the Cell PLI Scheme, we are required to manufacture cells
as per the committed capacity specified in our bid. Accordingly, we are required to achieve 1GWh capacity in the first year in
Fiscal 2024, 5GWh in the second year, 10GWh in the third year and 20GWh capacity by the fourth year. If we fail to achieve
the agreed upon capacity each year, the Government of India has the right to deduct twice the shortfall in the committed capacity
from the total subsidy payable to us. Furthermore, the Government of India has the right to discontinue payment of any subsidy
and appropriate the performance security furnished by us in case we fail to achieve the agreed upon milestone. See “Risk
Factors – Any reduction or elimination of government incentives such as the Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Electric
(“FAME”) subsidy, benefits under the production linked incentive (“PLI”) scheme for Automobile and Auto Component
Industry (“Automobile PLI Scheme”), PLI Scheme for National Programme on Advanced Chemistry Cell Battery Storage
(“Cell PLI Scheme”) (together “PLI Schemes”), subsidies from the government of Tamil Nadu, and goods and services tax
concessions available to our customers or the ineligibility of any of our electric vehicles for such subsidy would increase the
purchase cost of our electric vehicles and could adversely affect customer demand for our electric vehicles.” on page 31.

--- Page 164 ---
160
Our Competitive Strengths
Pure EV player with a leadership position in the fast-growing Indian E2W market
E2W penetration in India is expected to expand from approximately 4.5% of domestic 2W registrations sales reported on the
VAHAN portal in Fiscal 2023 to 41-56% of the domestic 2W sales volume by Fiscal 2028, according to the Redseer Report.
Our exclusive and singular focus on EV enables us to leverage on this transition in the growing Indian 2W market.
We were the largest E2W seller in India by number of units registered in the six-months period ended September 30, 2023,
accounting for approximately 31% of the total E2W registrations in India for such period, according to the Redseer Report. We
are a pure EV company and our R&D and technology including in-house design, engineering, manufacturing, are all singularly
focused on building EV products. As a greenfield EV company, we do not have to allocate financial and operational resources
in ICE technologies.
Founder led company supported by a highly experienced and professional leadership team
Our Founder, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal, is an entrepreneur who founded our Company, in
addition to ANI Technologies Private Limited, also known as Ola Cabs, in 2010. Ola Cabs is a ride-hailing mobility platform
in India. Bhavish has received several accolades such as India 30 under 30 from Forbes India in 2014, Entrepreneur of the Year
from the Economic Times in 2017, Top 100 Most Influential People by Time Magazine in 2018 and featured in the TIME100
Climate List in 2023 as one of the most innovative leaders globally.
We are also led by a Board of Directors with diverse expertise that will contribute to and participate in the formulation of our
business strategy. In addition, many of our senior management have experience across a broad range of industries and functions
and technology research centres, enabling them to effectively operate the business.
In-house R&D and technology capabilities
Our in-house capabilities to develop EV technologies are driven by our focus on R&D. We undertake R&D activities in India,
the UK and the US, focused on designing and developing new EV products and core EV components, such as battery packs,
motors and vehicle frames. Meanwhile, the BIC is focused on developing cell and battery technology and manufacturing
processes for our forthcoming cell manufacturing at the Ola Gigafactory, such as material synthesis, cell manufacturing
technology and material characterization, prototyping and testing. Our R&D efforts are centred around five key technologies:
(a) software, (b) electronics, (c) motor and drivetrain, (d) cells and battery packs and (e) manufacturing technology.
Our R&D spend in the three-months period ended June 30, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 amounted to ₹935.53 million,
₹5,077.11 million, ₹1,758.40 million and ₹436.06 million, respectively, comprising 7.32%, 18.25%, 38.54% and 41.11% of
our total income for such periods, respectively. We had 974 on-roll and off-roll employees engaged in R&D activities, including
scientists and engineers, of which 60 are PhD holders as of October 31, 2023.
R&D Spend (₹ million)
Note: R&D spend comprises research costs and additions to intangible assets under development.

--- Page 165 ---
161
Leveraging our R&D, we have developed core EV components across the following technologies: (a) our in-house operating
system, MoveOS, which includes various features such as navigation powered by Ola Maps (owned by Geospoc Geospatial
Services Private Limited, a Promoter Group company), call filter, ‘find my scooter’, geofencing, time fencing, anti-theft alert,
fall detection, hill hold, auto turn-off indicators, ride journal and energy insights; (b) a centralized electronics architecture that
enables EV control and human machine interactions (“HMI”); (c) compact motor and drivetrain which vary in size and capacity
and are adaptable to different power outputs; (d) cell and battery pack manufacturing technologies and (e) automated and
flexible assembly lines for different EV models. We have also developed the preliminary design of a 4680 cell in-house at BIC,
for which testing is in progress and we expect to manufacture cells at the upcoming Ola Gigafactory. Our in-house R&D results
in a fast time to market, low R&D costs and significant control over product performance.
Manufacturing at scale and supply chain resilience
The Ola Futurefactory is the largest integrated and automated E2W manufacturing plant in India (in terms of production
capacity) by an E2W-only OEM, as of September 30, 2023, according to the Redseer Report. As of October 31, 2023, the Ola
Futurefactory had an installed capacity of one million units per year. The Ola Futurefactory is an automated manufacturing
facility equipped with modular and flexible assembly lines and an in-house paint shop. The in-house design, and manufacturing
of our core EV components enhance our control over the optimization of EV performance and quality. These capabilities to
manufacture at scale, automation, and flexible lines also enable us to improve cost efficiency across value chains through
economies of scale in our supply chain, fast component development and cross-utilization of equipment across products.
Furthermore, our direct relationship with suppliers and our focus on local suppliers for most of our EV components gives us
enhanced control of our supply chain.
Scalable platform-based design and development approach
Our platform-focused product development is core to our business model, enabling us to leverage common elements, such as
our modular electric powertrain which includes a modular battery pack with BMS and motors, as well as a power electronics
module, electronics and software to develop and design new EV models. This reduces our estimated product development costs
and time to market. Our capability to develop multiple models on our adaptable platform model enabled us to deliver four
products and announce six new products since our first product announcement in August 2021.  As of October 31, 2023, 68.85%
of the components used in three of our EV scooter models, the Ola S1 Pro, the Ola S1 Air and the Ola S1 X+, are common
across all three models. For example, the Ola S1 Pro, the Ola S1 Air and the Ola S1 X+ use the same battery pack. We expect
that the modular and adaptable nature of our platform architecture will help to drive down our costs and enable us to achieve
fast product development cycles, thereby reducing our time to market. Our products are optimized for performance and design
from the data that we collect, which also provides feedback that we factor in when developing new products.

--- Page 166 ---
162
Note: Mass market segment for scooters is defined as vehicles priced at ₹100,000 or less, according to the Redseer Report.
Direct to Customer Omnichannel Distribution Model
We believe our digitally driven and integrated sales and service experience model offers cost advantages. Our D2C distribution
model enables us to directly engage with customers and collect customer feedback, which we take into consideration in
developing our products and product upgrades to ensure they are responsive to customer preferences. We maintain low levels
of vehicle inventories at our experience centres, with the majority of our inventory stored in our distribution centres. The
distribution centres centrally manage the inventory and arrange for distribution to our experience centres or directly to customer
addresses. This central management system enables us to forecast demand and tailor supply orders and production schedules
more accurately.

--- Page 167 ---
163
Our experience centre locations across India
Notes:
1.
Map not to scale.
2.
Certain of the locations marked above occupy more than one experience centre.
Eligibility for EV-related government incentives leading to cost advantages
We are the only EV manufacturer in India that is a beneficiary of two Government of India PLI schemes: the Automobile PLI
Scheme and the Cell PLI Scheme, according to the Redseer Report. Under the Cell and Automotive PLI Schemes, all of the
advanced chemistry cells and EV scooters that we manufacture and sell will qualify us for a cash incentive up until the specified
cap under the schemes subject to the conditions for disbursement of incentives under the schemes. Under the Automobile PLI
Scheme, which commenced from Fiscal 2023, the incentive availed for a financial year will be disbursed in the subsequent
financial year (for example, incentives applicable for Fiscal 2023 will be disbursed in Fiscal 2024) for up to five consecutive
financial years (but not beyond Fiscal 2027). We must obtain a certification from the testing agency of the Ministry of Heavy
Industries, Government of India, certifying that our products meet the scheme eligibility requirements and has at least a 50%
domestic value addition, in order to qualify for the disbursement.
We are one of only three beneficiaries awarded benefits under the Cell PLI Scheme, as of September 30, 2023, according to the
Redseer Report. Cell PLI was awarded for a total of 30 GWh capacity, of which we were awarded 20 GWh, the most received
by any Cell PLI recipient, according to the Redseer Report. We are eligible to receive the incentives under the Cell PLI Scheme
over a five-year period from the commissioning date of our Ola Gigafactory, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions, such
as achieving the domestic value addition threshold required under the Cell PLI Scheme and our commencing sales of advanced
chemistry cells. For details, see “Key Regulations and Policies” beginning on page 189.
In addition, the Government of India’s FAME scheme provides a subsidy to all customers who purchase EVs in order to

--- Page 168 ---
164
encourage faster adoption of EV mobility. Our customers who purchase our scooters are eligible to receive a cash subsidy from
the government of 15% of the ex-factory price of the purchased scooter, as of October 31, 2023. The amount of the FAME
subsidy is priced into the retail price of our EVs and after the sale, we submit subsidy claims and receive the subsidies directly.
Such subsidies help in lowering the cost of ownership of our products and potentially improve the demand for our scooters. See
“Risk Factors – Any reduction or elimination of government incentives such as the Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of
Electric (“FAME”) subsidy, benefits under the production linked incentive (“PLI”) scheme for Automobile and Auto
Component Industry (“Automobile PLI Scheme”), PLI Scheme for National Programme on Advanced Chemistry Cell Battery
Storage (“Cell PLI Scheme”) (together “PLI Schemes”), subsidies from the government of Tamil Nadu, and goods and services
tax concessions available to our customers or the ineligibility of any of our electric vehicles for such subsidy would increase
the purchase cost of our electric vehicles and could adversely affect customer demand for our electric vehicles.” on page 31.
Further, OET and OCT qualify for a lower corporate income tax rate of 15% available to new manufacturing domestic
companies under Indian income tax law.
Our execution capabilities
We believe that our execution capability is a skill set that we bring across various facets of our business. We built the Ola
Futurefactory in eight months, from the start of construction to manufacturing our first EV scooter at the assembly line in the
factory. The Ola Futurefactory had an installed capacity of one million units per year as of October 31, 2023. Since the opening
of our first experience centre in September 2022, we have expanded our experience centre network to 935 experience centres
as of October 31, 2023. Our on-roll and off-roll employee count also increased significantly from 665 as of March 31, 2021 to
6,577 as of October 31, 2023 as we scaled our business over the last two years.  We had 974 on-roll and off-roll employees
engaged in R&D activities as of October 31, 2023. We have delivered four products and additionally announced six new
products since our first product announcement in August 2021. Our in-house capabilities to develop EV technologies driven by
our focus on R&D, internal manufacturing of core EV components and adaptable platform-based product development approach
has helped us to lower our costs. In June 2023, we commenced construction of our Ola Gigafactory, which will enable us to
manufacture cells in-house and serve as another supply source for cells for our products.
Our key milestones
Our Strategies
Build “India” centric EV products with an “India first” strategy
India’s 2W production market of approximately 19.5 million units in Fiscal 2023 is primed for electrification and is expected
to aid in achieving India’s promise at the UN COP 26 Summit to cut emission to net zero by 2070, according to the Redseer
Report. The penetration rate of 2Ws in India is relatively low at approximately 15% in Fiscal 2023, evidencing significant
growth potential within the Indian 2W market, according to the Redseer Report. Given the opportunity size and tailwinds such
as lower TCO, lower emissions, and convenience, and consistent with our “India first” strategy, we view India as our core
market. Over the next several years, we plan to continue to develop and launch next-generation EVs to serve a variety of price

--- Page 169 ---
165
points and automotive use cases. We intend to leverage both our existing Ola S1 platform and develop new platforms to deliver
new EVs designed for use based on the target market and consumer segment to expand our serviceable market.
Continue to invest in R&D to advance our technological capabilities and optimize costs
We are a technology driven company and we invest in R&D to improve our product offerings, adapt to changing consumer
preferences and improve our cost and operational efficiency. Our Generation 2 platform is the product of our continuous
investment in R&D. The Ola S1 Pro (second generation) offers a lower BOM of approximately 18%, higher unit economics
and enhanced performance, as compared to the first generation model. We leveraged our Generation 2 Ola S1 platform in
conceptualizing and developing our latest EV scooter models, the Ola S1 Air and Ola S1 X+. These EV scooters benefited from
improvements in the overall cost structure and lower manufacturing costs. We continue to enhance our software, MoveOS, by
adding new features to address customer needs and preferences and improve EV performance. Our BIC is developing cell and
battery technology and manufacturing processes for our forthcoming cell manufacturing at the Ola Gigafactory. We plan to
commercially test alternative EV cell technologies and evaluate other battery formulations. We will continue to invest in our
in-house R&D, design and engineering capabilities including R&D talent across our research centres in India, the UK and the
US.
Building an EV hub with vertically integrated manufacturing and supply chain to improve cost efficiency
Pursuant to our MoU with the State Government of Tamil Nadu, we plan to build our EV hub, which currently includes our
Ola Futurefactory and is expected to also include our future in-house cell manufacturing facility, the Ola Gigafactory. We intend
to further invest in flexible assembly lines within our Ola Futurefactory which are able to adapt to the production of different
EV models. Our EV hub is also pivotal to our aim to build a resilient supply chain as it will serve as a co-location site for our
suppliers in the future. We believe that bringing E2W and cell manufacturing and component suppliers together in our EV hub
can increase vertical integration, foster innovation and manage costs. In the future, we may also enter into arrangements,
including alliances for the supply of certain raw materials and EV components and continue optimizing our operational cost
through our end-to-end streamlined manufacturing processes and in-house design and engineering initiatives.
Develop our cell technology and strengthen our in-house manufacturing capabilities
We currently source cells from third party suppliers. Cells form a significant percentage of overall EV cost, according to the
Redseer Report. For example, batteries for our EV scooters constituted approximately 35% of the BOM for Ola S1 Pro scooters
as September 30, 2023. Our medium to long-term plans place emphasis on backward integration for greater control over our
supply chain and costs. We commenced construction of our Ola Gigafactory for cell manufacturing in June 2023. We have
developed cell technology around the 4680 form factor, for which testing is in progress. We expect to use the cells produced
by the Ola Gigafactory for our existing and future EV products. We believe that in developing our in-house cell manufacturing
capabilities, we will be able to gain greater control over the quality, supply and cost of our batteries and EVs.
Our Ola Gigafactory under construction

--- Page 170 ---
166
Expand the product portfolio to drive market penetration
For each new vehicle category that we launch, we will strategically launch products across premium and mass-market
categories, to enable us to target and capture a broader base of consumers across different product types and price points. By
adapting our technology platform across our products, we believe that we will grow our product portfolio to build scale in our
EV business. Our sustainable platform-based approach, whereby our in-house designed EV components can be adapted for use
in different EV models, allows us to develop products in a timely and cost-efficient manner, achieve a fast time to market and
improve margins. We plan to further launch affordable mass market Ola S1 models, including E2Ws targeted at the personal,
business to business and last-mile delivery segment by first half of Fiscal 2025.
We also plan to commence delivery of our motorcycles, which we announced on August 15, 2023, by the first half of Fiscal
2026. We plan to further expand our product portfolio to also cover mass market motorcycles to capture a broader base of
consumers across different product types and price points in the long run.
Monthly registration data of our electric scooters
Source: Redseer Report
Total Addressable Market for 2Ws
Source: Redseer Report
Strengthen our D2C omnichannel network across sales, service and charging
We seek to enhance the customer experience through the continued expansion of our network of experience centres and service
centres across both rural and urban areas and deepen our penetration within India. We aim to further expand our network of
charging stations across India in the near-term, to provide added convenience to our customers in charging their EV scooters.
We plan to expand our network of Ola branded charging stations strategically by focusing on fuel stations, high density office
complexes, malls and educational institutes.
Allocate capital efficiently and focus on growth
Our capital allocation approach emphasizes investment in R&D and technology to design, engineer and manufacture core EV
components and establish an adaptable platform architecture to support further development and manufacturing of EVs. We
have also allocated capital towards developing our cell manufacturing capabilities through the BIC, as well as the Ola
Gigafactory that is currently under construction within the EV hub. We believe that such investments into the development of
(₹)

--- Page 171 ---
167
our in-house cell manufacturing capabilities will enable us to gain greater control over the cost of our batteries and EVs and
improve our margins. Our strategy is to deploy our capital in a sequential manner. For example, we progressed towards the
production of motorcycles after we achieved margin efficiency for our EV scooter portfolio. In line with our capital allocation
approach, our cash flow used in investing activities for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, acquisition of intangible
assets and development expenditure on internally generated intangible assets, for the three-months period ended June 30, 2023
and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ₹ 2,374.14 million, ₹ 8,426.12 million, ₹ 8,872.80 million and ₹ 1,085.30 million,
respectively.
We will continue to focus on growing our product pipeline, expanding our manufacturing capacity and investing in R&D and
our sales, service and charging networks.
Leverage the global EV opportunity
While we have adopted an “India first” strategy, we recognize the unfulfilled demand for EVs in international markets,
especially in some key automotive markets such as ASEAN, Latin America and Africa, which are according to the Redseer
Report, large 2W markets. According to the Redseer Report, these markets constituted approximately 75% of India’s 2W
exports in Fiscal 2023. Thus, we plan on carefully assessing the export opportunities across geographies under our “export
next” strategy. We believe that our brand positioning, technology focus, innovation and commitment to sustainability will
appeal to customers globally and enable us to expand our sales footprint across international automotive markets.
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION
Our Ecosystem
Our business ecosystem consists of our products and technologies, our go to market offering and services and our manufacturing
and supply chain capabilities as detailed below.
Notes:
*Delivery of  the Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and the Ola S1 X (3 kWh) has not commenced.
**Delivery of motorcycles has not commenced.

--- Page 172 ---
168
Our Products
We aim to develop our pure EV presence across all EV segments, with a target addressable market of approximately 16-17
million vehicle sales in Fiscal 2023, according to the Redseer Report. Our initial focus is on E2Ws as we believe they are a core
mobility product for the middle-class population in India. We envision our E2W product portfolio being present across a range
of price points. We plan to strategically launch products across premium and mass-market categories to enable us to target and
capture a broader base of consumers across different product types and price points.
Our current line of second generation EV scooters include:
Ola S1 Pro: Our flagship premium EV scooter offering, featuring an extended driving range of up to 195 km, a top speed of
120 km per hour and a range of smart technologies on a 7-inch touchscreen.
Ola S1 Air: Our second premium EV scooter offering, featuring a driving range of 151 km with a 6 kW peak motor power and
a range of smart technologies on a 7-inch touchscreen.
Ola S1 X+: Retailing at a lower price than the Ola S1 Air, the Ola S1 X+ features a driving range of 151 km and comes in seven
different colours. This model also includes smart connectivity features such as keyless unlock and a 5-inch segmented display.
Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and Ola S1 X (3 kWh) : Our mass-market EV scooters that feature a driving range of up to 151 km and a 3.5-
inch segmented display available in two battery capacity configurations: 2 kWh and 3 kWh.
We plan to commence delivery of the new scooter models, the Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and the Ola S1 X (3 kWh), by the first half
of Fiscal 2025.
All our EV scooters are built on the Generation 2 platform launched in August 2023
Note:
Vehicle retail price is as of October 31, 2023.
We take a user-centric approach to design that seeks to enhance the mobility experience and our products’ appeal to India’s 2W
customer segment. Our design philosophy emphasizes both functionality and aesthetics. In designing our products, we follow
a design-for-cost philosophy whereby our EVs designed with the aim to optimize the cost of manufacturing, sales and
distribution of the end product.
Each EV is powered by our electric powertrain designed in-house using a modular design that incorporates core EV

--- Page 173 ---
169
components, including a modular battery pack that varies in size depending on the EV model including an in-house developed
BMS, a motor and a power electronics module. The design and configuration of the motor also contributes to improved
efficiency. Our EV design received the German Design Award in 2020.
In August 2023, we transitioned from our Generation 1 platform as we launched our Generation 2 platform. We intend to use
the Generation 2 platform as the base for our future EV scooter models. Compared to the Generation 1 platform, the Generation
2 platform has a lower BOM and unit economics as well as enhanced features. The Ola S1 Pro (second generation) offers a
26% improvement in EV performance, a 28% improvement in thermal performance, an 18% reduction in cost, 11% fewer parts,
6% less energy consumption and a 4% reduction in EV weight, as compared to the first generation model. We started
manufacturing EV scooters on our Generation 2 platform at our Ola Futurefactory in September 2023.
Comparison of the Ola S1 Pro on the Generation 1 Platform vs Generation 2 Platform Based on the Ola S1 Pro Model
We design our E2Ws to suit India’s terrain and climate. We apply industry standards in the E2W testing and validation process.
We undertake multiple pre-production tests on specific batches of EVs, such as cell charging and discharging tests. As of
October 31, 2023, we had accumulated over 13.70 million kilometres of road tests for our products. Our battery packs have

--- Page 174 ---
170
received an IP67 rating from the Automotive Research Association of India, which signify that the E2Ws are protected against
water ingress and are therefore able to operate in certain challenging environments. Our products are certified by relevant
authorities and certification organizations, including the Automotive Research Association of India for the Ola S1 Pro and its
variants and the International Centre for Automotive Technology for the Ola S1 Pro and the Ola S1 X+.
Our product philosophy of best design, performance and technology is reflected in the specifications and performance of our
portfolio EV scooters – the Ola S1 Pro, Ola S1 Air and the Ola S1 X+. We believe that this product philosophy will also be
reflected in our upcoming EV scooters, the Ola S1 X(2 kWh) and Ola S1 X (3 kWh). For example, according to the Redseer
Report, the Ola S1 Pro (second generation) has the highest top speed and the longest range per full charge among the E2W
offerings by E2W players of scale in the Indian market as of September 30, 2023. Our S1 Pro (second generation) EV scooter
is able to reach 0-40 km per hour in 2.6 seconds and features up to 120 km per hour top speed. Our EV scooters operate on our
MoveOS operating system, which controls all of their features, driving modes and performance.
Motorcycles
On August 15, 2023, we announced a line-up of E2W motorcycles, comprising the Cruiser, Adventure, the Roadster and our
flagship motorcycle, the Diamondhead. We expect to begin delivery of the motorcycles in the first half of Fiscal 2026.
Diamondhead
Adventure
Cruiser
Roadster
Our Technology
R&D and technology is at the core of our business model with a focus on in-house product innovation. We undertake R&D
activities in India, the UK and the US, as well as at our BIC, focusing on the following key technologies:

--- Page 175 ---
171
●
Software: Our in-house developed software stack consists of our real time operating system firmware platform,
MoveOS operating system, artificial intelligence (“AI”) platform and applications built on top of these platforms.
Each of these platforms are designed to ensure scalability across EV models, supply chain resilience and faster
development cycles.
●
Electronics: We have created a centralized control system for E2Ws that unlocks fast software processing through
standardized interfaces and provides integrated human machine interaction and vehicle control.
●
Motor and drivetrain: We have developed and manufactured in-house, our electric motor and drivetrain, which vary
in size and capacity to adapt to different power outputs.
●
Cell and battery: We assemble our own battery pack, source cells from a supplier and use our in-house designed BMS.
We are in the process of developing cell technologies and cell manufacturing processes for use in our upcoming Ola
Gigafactory.
●
Manufacturing Technology: Manufacturing based on flexible assembly lines, allowing easy switches between
different products with different performance specifications. We also employ industry 4.0 technologies to manage
quality control and improve our operational efficiency.
Our focus on developing our core EV technologies in-house helps us build an adaptable platform for use across multiple models,
gives us greater control over product performance and agility in responding to supply chain disruptions, and helps us reduce
our time to market and lower our R&D costs. For example, 68.85% of the components used in three of our EV scooter models,
the Ola S1 Pro, the Ola S1 Air and the Ola S1 X+, are common across all three models as of October 31, 2023.
Software
Software is deeply integrated into the entire Ola Electric ecosystem and the core functionality is divided into four key areas: (i)
customer lifecycle management, (ii) MoveOS - our in-house EV operating system, (iii) manufacturing cloud and (iv) the
horizontal AI platform that powers use cases across the Ola Electric ecosystem.

--- Page 176 ---
172
Our software architecture
Customer lifecycle management
The customer lifecycle management stack is a digital layer that scales across all customer touchpoints: discovery, test rides,
purchase, financing, order fulfilment, support and service. The Ola Electric online and offline channels through which customers
are able to explore and test our products, are closely integrated, enabling us to effectively manage all leads. The Ola Electric
Companion app provides customers access to key EV information such as driving range and EV status and provides them with
the ability to lock and unlock the EV scooter digitally, add additional users, customize EV settings and navigate using Ola Maps
(owned by Geospoc Geospatial Services Private Limited, a Promoter Group company). A common integrated view of customer
and EV data empowers service technicians to diagnose and resolve issues quickly.
Operating System
MoveOS is our in-house operating system that controls all key functions of the EV. The battery management system (“BMS”)
and the motor control unit (“MCU”) are responsible for the driving, charging and overall performance of the EVs. The BMS
ensures efficient energy management, charging control, estimation of state of charge and battery health and thermal
management. We collect data through the telematics systems installed across our vehicles and continuously analyse the data to
improve our product performance. We offer multiple driving modes (Hyper, Sport, Normal and Eco) which are designed with
their own acceleration, top speed and range profiles to suit Indian driving terrain. The MCU also powers driving features such
as fall detection and hill hold.
As part of the BMS and MCU, our vehicles are equipped with the Ola Sense safety system which monitors the vehicles’ voltage,
current, temperature and sensors to enhance vehicle safety.
The body control module (“BCM”) controls the operation of all EV peripherals such as the touch screen, lights, horn and
keypad inputs and is scalable across different vehicle models. For example, the BCM can be scaled across multiple digital
screens from a 7 inch high resolution touch screen display to low resolution segmented displays. We have also built a fully

--- Page 177 ---
173
automated over-the-air software upgrade system which allows us to rapidly deploy software for all EV systems at scale.
Vehicle features
Manufacturing cloud
The first key component of the manufacturing cloud is the production management stack (“PMS”). The PMS links together
the enterprise resource planning systems and customer lifecycle management systems, enabling it to predict both demand and
supply and optimize inventory levels, thereby reducing costs and minimizing stock shortages. The PMS is also used to plan and
schedule production of all assembly lines and EV variants.
The manufacturing cloud also houses our quality management system that leverages computer vision models to identify defects
in incoming parts and throughout the entire manufacturing and assembly process. Sequential interlocks ensure that operations
occur in the correct sequence across all our assembly and manufacturing lines.
Real time performance monitoring leverages Internet Of Things sensor data to measure machine health and predict failures and
maintenance in advance. This system also monitors operator and line performance against target key performance indicators
and provides insights to factory management for timely interventions.

--- Page 178 ---
174
AI platform
The AI platform is a horizontal layer that powers key applications across the customer lifecycle management, MoveOS and
manufacturing cloud platforms. Integrated data across user and EV touchpoints is used to craft personalized user journeys from
the discovery to purchase and ownership of the product. Sensor fusion is a key technology that uses integrated data collected
from our scooters, factory equipment and phone sensors. These models are trained on this data on the AI cloud and deployed
to power multiple applications such as proximity-based locking/unlocking of the vehicle, driving features such as hill hold and
auto turn off indicator, personalized estimates of range and battery health and predictive maintenance of both EVs and factory
equipment. The vision stack uses a combination of cameras and other sensors to train AI models to identify manufacturing,
assembly and service defects.
Electronics
Our EV electronics systems connect and integrate all core EV components to offer smart EV features related to the movement
of the scooters and other tasks to enable an integrated human machine interface. It includes different control units such as MCU,
EV control unit, BMS and an integrated centralized compute system. The centralized compute system enables central decision
making for EV operations leading to better control.
This implementation enables us to simplify the network and make it adaptable across different models. A simplified network is
also easier to assemble and troubleshoot. This enables us to add more power to our electronics systems without much alterations.
We design the majority of our EV electronics systems in-house, in line with our approach of vertical integration. This helps us
obtain higher operational efficiency between hardware and software and also gives us the advantage of compounding our
learnings across different components over time. For instance, we develop our own embedded software, which allows us to
have lesser dependencies in developing new updates for the EV scooters, leading to a faster over-the-air push. This also unlocks
chip and software interoperability, lowering our reliance on a few select suppliers or partners, leading to supply chain resilience.
As we progress, we may improve these systems further with tweaks to the electronic configurations. Our designs are contract
manufactured by our select suppliers, enabling us to retain better control over the technology while maintaining agility.
Our Generation 2 platform gave rise to the following improvements to our EV electronics system as compared to the Generation
1 platform:
●
Reduction in the number of electronic control units from 10 to four.
●
Reduction in wiring harness diameter by 29% and weight by 11%.
●
25% reduction in energy consumption using low voltage systems involving lighting and peripherals.
●
Simplified network enables quick on-board diagnostics to reduce fault finding time.
●
Modular design which is adaptable across different models.
●
Improved cost efficiency in manufacturing.
Our capabilities of developing embedded software in-house also enables us to work closely with semiconductor supplier
partners to develop electronics controls in our EVs and next generation electronics.

--- Page 179 ---
175
Motor and Drivetrain
The motor and drivetrain system, which includes components like the MCU, transmission system and other structural
components, serve to generate power and EV scooter movement. The motor is at the heart of this system and determines the
power output and efficiency of the system. We use different kinds of motors across our scooter models, such as a mid drive
internal permanent magnet (“IPM”) in the Ola S1 Pro and a hub motor in the Ola S1 Air.
We design the motor in-house and have integrated the MCU into the motor for the mid drive IPM motor system to improve
E2W performance. This integrated system delivers a peak power of up to 11 kW resulting in a high torque output for the
drivetrain systems. We can increase the power output of our motor by adjusting the voltage and motor stack length and create
different motors for different models. We design and manufacture our motor in-house. We design the key components of the
drivetrain to compliment the motor, ensuring improved performance and efficiency. Our motor line is automated for
repeatability to ensure quality and efficiency.
Our Generation 2 platform features the following improvements in our motor and drivetrain system over the Generation 1
platform:
●
12% increase in maximum efficiency operating zone and 29% increase in power density.
●
Increase in peak power to 10.8 kW from the Generation 1 motor.
●
Active length, diameter and operating voltage can be adjusted within the range of the motor line capacity to offer 8
kW to 50 kW.
We expect our next-generation motors to be built with non-rare earth magnets. We expect this will reduce our dependence on
rare metals, thereby lowering our cost. We are also in the process of developing a magnet less motor design.

--- Page 180 ---
176
Components of our in-house designed electric motor.
Cell and Battery Technology
Battery Pack
The battery pack powers the EV scooter and all core EV components. We have designed and assemble our battery pack in-
house. The battery pack is built using high energy density 2170 form factor cells. The cells along with the BMS and battery
casing forms the core components of the battery pack.
Our battery pack is built to deliver a higher range for our models and packs in peak range of up to 195 Km with the Ola S1 Pro
(second generation). It is adaptable and modular across different battery configurations of 2 kWh, 3 kWh, 4 kWh, etc. This
modularity helps us in making battery packs for different models at speed while also enabling time efficiency in R&D. We
assemble battery packs at our Ola Futurefactory where our battery assembly lines are fully automated for quality control.
The BMS consists of a number of low voltage and high voltage integrated switching and control circuits along with advanced
battery management algorithms. The BMS is controlled centrally and works across different charging methods like home
charging or hyper charging.
We continue to improve our battery pack through in-house R&D. The Generation 2 battery pack features the following
improvements:
●
Improved thermal performance and 33% fewer components.
●
Increased resilience against different types of cell failures with design features to mitigate cell-to-cell thermal
propagation.
●
IP67 rated and tested under varying operating conditions.
●
Features technologies such as wire bonding technology that has a lower failure rate compared to other standard
processes, as well as advanced battery algorithms and control systems to lower failure rates.

--- Page 181 ---
177
Our Generation 2 battery pack
Cell Technology
Cell technology is at the core of our EVs and is responsible for delivering performance and accounts for a significant portion
of the overall cost, according to the Redseer Report. We operate our cell R&D facility, the BIC, in Bengaluru, India. The BIC
is focused on developing cell and battery technology and manufacturing processes for our forthcoming cell manufacturing at
the Ola Gigafactory. The BIC is equipped with equipment and a team of qualified researchers and engineers who work on
material synthesis and science, cell manufacturing technology and material characterization, prototyping and testing. While we
currently focus on nickel manganese cobalt battery formulations, we continuously evaluate other battery formulations and plan
on commercially testing alternative EV cell technologies. We have developed the preliminary design of a 4680 cell in-house
for which testing is in progress. According to the Redseer Report, the 4680 cell, a 46 x 80 mm cylindrical cell, is expected to
replace the 21x70 mm cell, with the former being 5.5 times larger in size and featuring higher energy density that increases the
E2W driving range. The 4680 cell also offers a higher charging rate, resulting in shorter charging times, improved heat
dissipation performance that enhance E2W safety, and lower production costs due to fewer parts. We are also in the process of
implementing advanced electrode manufacturing technology which is anticipated to further lower the cost and time required to
produce lithium cells as the process is simpler and requires fewer equipment. We expect to use the cells produced at the Ola
Gigafactory for our existing and future products, and to build energy products like battery energy storage systems. Developing
our own cell technology helps us to limit our reliance on third party suppliers and reduce costs by avoiding perpetual royalty
fee based payments for access to technology required for cell manufacturing.
Cell Developed at Ola’s BIC

--- Page 182 ---
178
Manufacturing Technology
With our in-house R&D capabilities, we work on developing manufacturing technologies which enhance our operational
efficiency and control costs. We focus on building and leveraging modern industry 4.0 technologies such as manufacturing
automation systems, in-house manufacturing cloud and in-house AI driven quality management systems.
Automation: We are focused on automating all our manufacturing processes using industry 4.0 technologies. We have
automated certain core manufacturing processes across our motor line, cell manufacturing and robot driven material movement
using our in-house software and hardware development capabilities.
Manufacturing cloud: We have developed an in-house integrated and modular manufacturing operating platform which enables
us to control and monitor all our manufacturing processes centrally in real-time. We are also using industry 4.0 technologies
like digital twin in our autonomous robotic weld lines at the Ola Futurefactory which helps us simulate the welding process and
optimize the changes virtually.
AI driven quality management systems: We are building AI-driven quality management systems to ensure dimensional accuracy
and detect visual defects across manufacturing processes. For example, we are using this in-house developed quality
management system in our battery manufacturing and weld lines at the Ola Futurefactory.
Robot at our Ola Futurefactory
Go-To-Market Strategy
We distribute our products through a D2C omnichannel distribution model comprising our digitally enabled pan-India sales
and service network and Ola Electric website. Customers may purchase our EV scooters through our Ola Electric website or
visit our experience centres to view and test drive the EV scooters before placing their orders through the Ola Electric website
with the assistance of our experience centre staff. We ensure an integrated ownership and after sales service experience through
our network.

--- Page 183 ---
179
D2C omnichannel distribution model
Discovery
Our customers have access to our sales and services network, which was India’s largest company-owned network of experience
centres as of September 30, 2023, according to the Redseer Report. We assumed control of the operation of our experience
centres and service centres from our Group Company, Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited on July 1, 2023. Our customers
have access to an all-digital experience throughout the sales process and after-sales service through our Ola Electric website,
from product discovery to EV scooter ownership including booking test rides, booking/purchasing the EV scooter and brand
engagement, to booking and tracking the status of after-sales services at our service centres through the Ola Electric Companion
app. We also offer customers the opportunity to see, touch and test drive our EV scooters at our experience centres prior to
purchasing the EV scooter online.
Our D2C omnichannel distribution network comprised 935 experience centres, some of which also house service centres, across
24 States in India, as of October 31, 2023. We also have the Ola Electric website, an online platform for D2C sales to customers
across all 27 states and six Union Territories in India for the seven-month period ended October 31, 2023.

--- Page 184 ---
180
Our experience centre at Indiranagar, Bengaluru
Purchase
The online purchase journey can easily be completed in a few simple clicks on our Ola Electric website as highlighted below.
This D2C omnichannel distribution model allows us to directly manage all sales, deliveries and service operations. We believe
that owning our sales and service network enables us to control the customer experience, achieve operational efficiencies and
capture sales and service revenue.
Our digital purchase journey

--- Page 185 ---
181
Facilitating financing for customers
Our scooters qualify for the FAME subsidy, thereby reducing the TCO of our EV scooters for our customers. We facilitate
financing for our customers through one of our Group Companies, Ola Financial Services Private Limited (“OFSPL”) and in
partnership with 12 financial institutions that offer loan tenures of up to five years as of September 30, 2023. Customers are
able to submit their loan application online or visit our experience centres for assistance. For the three-months period ended
June 30, 2023, approximately 56.55% of the EV scooters purchased in the first quarter of Fiscal 2024 were financed with bank
loans obtained by customers through OFSPL and our partner financial institutions. We offer online as well as offline financing
options to our customers as part of our D2C sales model.
Ownership
Charging network
In addition, our customers have access to our charging network comprising 224 hyper charger guns and 764 standard charger
guns across 17 and 21 States respectively as of October 31, 2023, and currently charge their EV scooters at our standard and
hyper charger guns for free up until December 31, 2023. Customers can achieve a 50 km driving range on a 15-minute charge
at our hyper charger guns. According to the Redseer Report, Ola’s hyper charging facilities offer more than twice the range per
minute of charging as compared to other fast-charge functionality in E2W models offered by E2W players of scale in India, as
of September 30, 2023. In addition, as we believe that most of the charging tends to happen at home, from March 31, 2023
onwards, customers who purchase our EV scooters receive a portable charger with their purchase, which can be used with
regular electric sockets. We source the portable chargers from third party suppliers.
Our Ola hyper charger
Value added services
In addition to the service network, we offer other value-added services that enhance the customer experience and EV lifecycle.
For example, we offer a three-year/40,000 km warranty on our EV scooters and a three-year/unlimited km warranty on battery
packs, with extended warranty options available for up to five years/60,000 km for a fee of ₹ 6,999 for the battery only and ₹
8,999 for a comprehensive coverage of the battery, charger, motor and head unit (inclusive of GST). Customers also have the
option to subscribe to our Ola Care and Ola Care+ programs for a fixed annual fee in order to receive additional after sales
services in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof, including roadside assistance, theft assistance and regular
servicing free of service charges at our authorized service centres, and exclusively for Ola Care+ customers, free home servicing
and pick-up/drop-off, 24x7 online doctor consultation and ambulance services in case of accidents, annual comprehensive
diagnostics, and free replacement of consumables, such as lubricants, for non-accidental and non-insurance cases.

--- Page 186 ---
182
Ola Electric Companion app
The Ola Electric Companion app enables our customers to lock and unlock their EV scooters digitally through the app, open
the trunk and access key information like battery percentage and range. The app also provides access to key EV scooter controls
and settings. The same app is compatible across models.
After Sales
Our customers have access to our service network comprising 414 service centres, of which 410 service centres are located
within some of our experience centres, across 23 States in India, as of October 31, 2023. Customers can book a service request
appointment online. The service centres can be located using a pin code mapping-based network design. Customers can
communicate with our service centres and track the status of their EV servicing order through our Ola Electric Companion app.
Redressal of customer concerns and complaints
Our customers can contact us regarding any questions, issues or complaints they may have through various customer support
channels, including email, phone calls (interactive voice response system) and the chatbot on our Ola Electric Companion app.
We typically categorize customer concerns as either (i) sales or fulfilment related concerns or (ii) service related concerns.
Sales or fulfilment related issues and complaints are those relating to EV delivery status, document verification issues, invoices,
registration and insurance issues, order cancellations, state subsidies and cash back delays and enquiries about the purchase of
accessories or spare parts. Our customer service team is responsible for addressing these issues and complaints.
Service-related issues include customer complaints regarding unsatisfactory EV performance or malfunctions or defects in our
EVs or its components. Service-related complaints or concerns that we receive through email, phone calls, or chatbot, are
assigned a ticket number, which we monitor to ensure timely response and resolution. Such complaints are resolved through
our service centres. Meanwhile, in the case of customer comments or complaints that are posted to our social media handles,
we acknowledge the comment or complaint, before verifying the relevant customer’s details and identifying their concerns, and
routing such information to the relevant teams. We regularly monitor customer comments or complaints received on social
media platforms to ensure prompt resolutions and that the case is escalated in case of any delays.
In the event of any delays in the resolution of customer complaints, customers can also reach out to us through
support@olaelectric.com and legal@olaelectric.com. We track emails sent to these two email addresses on a daily basis, as
well as their resolution status.
An overview of our Ola Electric Companion app

--- Page 187 ---
183
The “Ola” Brand
We leverage the strength of the “Ola” brand in marketing our products, which enables us to limit our investments on brand
marketing initiatives and advertising campaigns. “Ola” is a well-recognized brand in India with a pan-India footprint. We also
have a large community of our EV scooter owners with whom we engage continually through community days, service days,
and other events. We also connect with the community over an online forum which can be accessed through the Ola Electric
website or the Ola Electric Companion app.
Manufacturing and Supply chain
EV hub
We are also building our EV hub in Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts in Tamil Nadu, India, which is expected to span up
to 2,000 acres of land, and includes our Ola Futurefactory, our upcoming Ola Gigafactory in Krishnagiri district and co-located
suppliers in Krishnagiri district. Our EV hub includes 700 acres of land that the State Government of Tamil Nadu has reserved
for two years for allotment to our suppliers that co-locate within our EV hub pursuant to an MOU dated February 18, 2023. Our
EV hub also includes approximately 417.59 acres of land in the Krishnagiri district of Tamil Nadu that we have leased for the
operation of our Ola Futurefactory and upcoming Ola Gigafactory, comprising (i) 383.26 acres of land leased from SIPCOT
pursuant to a lease deed dated January 18, 2021 (as amended on January 31, 2023) and (ii) 34.33 acres of land leased from
SIPCOT for our Ola Futurefactory pursuant to four additional lease deeds. Three of our direct and indirect suppliers are currently
co-located in our EV hub.
We have carefully selected this EV site for a number of reasons, including infrastructure, access to talent, geographic location,
proximity to a pre-existing automotive supply chain and support from the Government of Tamil Nadu. Our facilities have been
designed to facilitate the establishment of replicas in other geographies in the future.
Ola Futurefactory
We manufacture our E2Ws and certain E2W components at the Ola Futurefactory. We built the Ola Futurefactory in eight
months, reaching an installed capacity of one million units per year as of October 31, 2023. The Ola Futurefactory spans 134.95
acres of land in Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu. The Ola Futurefactory is the largest integrated and automated E2W manufacturing
plant in India (in terms of production capacity) by an E2W-only OEM, as of September 30, 2023, according to the Redseer
Report.
Our Ola Futurefactory is an automated manufacturing facility equipped with modular assembly lines across motor, battery and
welding and has an in-house paint shop. The factory’s flexible manufacturing lines facilitate the manufacture of new EVs. This
integrated ecosystem enables fast and low-cost component development and maximizes cross-utilization of equipment, thereby
reducing costs across the value chain. It employs modern technologies and automated manufacturing, which includes
autonomous mobile robot-driven material movements, autonomous robotic welding lines and battery lines. As of October 31,
2023, we utilized over 148 automated robots for functions such as welding, battery, motor and general assembly lines and paint
shops.
The following sets forth the installed capacity and capacity utilization rate of the Ola Futurefactory for each scooter model as
of the dates indicated.
Fiscal 2023
Fiscal 2022
Fiscal 2021
Installed
Capacity
Capacity
Utilization (2)
(%)
Installed
Capacity (3)
Capacity
Utilization (2)
(%)
Installed
Capacity
Capacity
Utilization (2) (%)
Ola S1
450,000
36%
187,500
17%
NA
NA
Ola S1 Pro
Ola S1 Air
NA
NA
NA
NA
Ola S1 X+
TOTAL(1)
450,000
36%
187,500
17%
NA
NA
Note:
(1) As of October 31, 2023, the Ola Futurefactory had an installed capacity of one million units per year.
(2) Capacity utilization is calculated based on the proportion of the installed capacity that is being used.
(3) Installed capacity for Fiscal 2022 is for the last five months of the fiscal year, as the plant was commissioned on November 1 ,2021.
We have built our workforce and cultivated talent in-house through training programs. We have a female manufacturing
workforce of 944 on-roll employees on the Ola Futurefactory shop floor, representing 100% of the workforce on the Ola

--- Page 188 ---
184
Futurefactory shop floor as of October 31, 2023, and 25.29% of our total on-roll employee headcount.
Our Ola Futurefactory
Ola Gigafactory
We have designed and are building our Ola Gigafactory for cell manufacturing. We plan to manufacture the 4680 cell at scale
at the Ola Gigafactory, which is currently under construction. We commenced construction of our Ola Gigafactory in June
2023. It will be located within close proximity to our Ola Futurefactory, within the EV hub. Phase 1(a) of the Ola Gigafactory
is expected to be completed and the Ola Gigafactory is expected to be operational by March 31, 2024. It will have a production
capacity of 1.5 GWh upon the completion of such phase. We plan to use the net proceeds to expand our capacity to 6.4 GWh
by April 2025.
Phase 1 of construction covers electrode production, cell assembly, cell formation, incoming and outgoing material process
flow at the warehouse, utilities and others. The factory will be automated and integrated with vision and metrology equipment
to ensure quality at each process step.
We have also signed an MOU with the State Government of Tamil Nadu that offers various incentives for EV and cell
manufacturing. We believe that in developing our in-house cell manufacturing capabilities, we will be able to unlock greater
control over the quality, supply and cost of our batteries and EVs.