--- Page 339 ---
335
CAPITALISATION STATEMENT
The following table sets forth our Company’s capitalisation as at June 30, 2023, derived from our Restated Consolidated
Financial Information, and as adjusted for the Offer. This table should be read in conjunction with “Risk Factors”,
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Consolidated
Financial Information” beginning on pages 28, 308 and 232, respectively.
(₹ in million, except ratios)
Particulars
Pre-Offer as at June
30, 2023
As adjusted for the
proposed Offer(1)
Borrowings
Current borrowings (2)(A)
9,148.37
[●]
Non-current borrowings (2) (B)
7,017.36
[●]
Total Borrowings (A) + (B) = (C)
16,165.73
[●]
Equity
Equity share capital(2)
19,554.50
[●]
Instruments entirely equity nature
18,096.97
[●]
Other equity(2)
(16,536.42)
[●]
Total Equity (D)
21,115.05
[●]
Total Borrowings/ Total Equity (C/D)
0.77
[●]
Non-current borrowings /Total Equity (B/D)
0.33
[●]
1. The corresponding post Offer capitalization data is not determinable at this stage pending the completion of the book building process and hence have
not been furnished. To be updated upon finalization of the Offer Price.
2. These terms shall carry the meaning as per Schedule III of the Companies Act.
3. As on December 19, 2023, there is no change in the balance of Equity Share capital since June 30,2023 and it remains at ₹19,554.50 million.
4. The above ratios are not adjusted for issuance of CCPS post June 30, 2023.

--- Page 340 ---
336
FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS
Except for the outstanding borrowings of our Material Subsidiary and our Subsidiary OCT there are no outstanding
borrowings of our Company or any of our Subsidiaries.
As of October 31, 2023, our outstanding borrowings on a consolidated basis aggregated to ₹17,688.17 million.
The following table sets forth the details of the aggregate consolidated outstanding borrowings of our Material Subsidiary and
OCT as on October 31, 2023:
(in ₹ million)
Category of borrowing
Sanctioned amount
Outstanding amount as on
October 31, 2023*
Secured
21,550.00
17,688.17
Term loans**
7,500.00
7,322.53
Non-convertible debentures
-
-
Working capital facilities
14,050.00
10,365.64
- Fund based
11,900.00
8,602.94
- Non-fund based
2,150.00
1,762.70
Unsecured
-
-
Total
21,550.00
17,688.17
* As certified by B.B. & Associates, Independent Chartered Accountant, pursuant to their certificate dated December 22, 2023.
** Includes non-fund based facilities of ₹3,400 million which is sub-limit and interchangeable with fund based facilities.
Further, our Subsidiary, OCT has availed a rupee term loan facility amounting to ₹19,100.00 million, as on date of this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus, such facility has been drawn down by OCT post October 31, 2023.
Principal terms of the subsisting borrowings availed by OET and OCT:
1.
Purpose: The facilities were availed by OET to set up greenfield manufacturing facility for electric two wheelers at
Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu to purchase machineries and other capital goods for such greenfield facility, purchase raw
materials and meet working capital requirements, while the facilities were availed by OCT to part finance the
establishment of the 5 GWh Gigafactory for manufacturing advanced chemistry cell for electric vehicles at
Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu and procuring related equipment and services.
2.
Interest: Interest rate charged by the lenders for working capital loans availed by OET typically ranges from 8.75%
per annum to 9.40% per annum and is based on external credit ratings of OET, whereas the interest rate charged on
the term loans is 9.35% per annum and the same is primarily linked to the marginal cost lending rate. The interest
rate charged by the lender for the term loan facility availed by OCT is linked to Marginal Cost of Funds based
Lending Rate (currently 10.90%), whereas for non-revolving letter of credit facility commission is to be paid.
3.
Tenor: The tenor of working capital facilities availed by OET typically ranges from 1 month to 6 months and can be
renewed by mutual agreement, whereas the tenor of term loans is 10 years with a moratorium of 30 months from the
day of first disbursement under the facility. The tenor for the term loan facility availed by OCT is 11 years from zero
date i.e., January 31, 2023, whereas the usance period for non-revolving letter of credit facility is 6 months.
4.
Security: In terms of the borrowings by OET and OCT where security needs to be created, security is created inter-
alia by charge over current assets, movable and immovable assets, plants and machinery as well as corporate
guarantee given by our Company, etc. Further, with respect to the facility availed by OET, by our Promoter has
provided an undertaking to lenders confirming that our Promoter shall continue to be a director of our Company and
will continue to hold minimum 26% shareholding with voting rights in our Company until the final settlement date
of the facility availed by OET. For further details, see “Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Material guarantees
given by our Promoter to third parties with respect to Equity Shares” on page 226.
5.
Pre-payment: Certain loans availed by OET have pre-payment provisions which allow for pre-payment of the
outstanding loan by serving notice to the lender and subject to payment of such pre-payment penalties as may be
prescribed. The lenders may charge a penal interest of up to 1% over and above the interest rate, however, such pre-
payment charges will not apply in certain conditions including if prepayment is at instance of the lenders, prepayment
is made out of cash flows of OET or by funds infused in OET by our Company. For OCT, term loan facility availed
allows for prepayment with penalty of 2% of the amount prepaid, however, such pre-payment charges will not apply

--- Page 341 ---
337
in certain conditions which inter alia include prepayment from proceeds raised by initial public offer of OCT,
prepayment from internal accruals, etc.
6.
Re-payment: The re-payment period for the working capital facilities availed by OET typically ranges from 1 month
to 6 months, and on demand whereas the repayment period for term loan availed by OET is 10 years, including a
moratorium of 30 months from day of first disbursement. The re-payment period for facilities availed by OCT is 7
years and 6 months, starting at the end of moratorium of 15 months post the construction period whereas the usance
period for non-revolving letter of credit facility is 6 months.
7.
Events of Default: Borrowing arrangements entered into by OET and OCT contain standard events of default,
including among others:
a)
Failure or inability to pay amount on due dates;
b)
Change in control;
c)
Failure to pay accrued interest;
d)
Any notice in relation to actual or threatened liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency of OET;
e)
Change of general nature or cessation of business;
f)
Incorrect or false information;
g)
Usage of the loan for purposes other than the purpose for which it was sanctioned by the lender;
h)
Cross defaults across other borrowings of OET;
i)
Breach of any terms and conditions, including financial covenants in the loan documents; and
j)
Any other event or circumstance that has a material adverse effect on the lender.
This is an indicative list and there may be additional terms that may amount to an event of default under the various
borrowing arrangements entered into by OET.
8.
Consequences of occurrence of events of default: In terms of our facility agreements and sanction letters, the
following, among others, are the consequences of occurrence of events of default, whereby the lenders may:
a)
Terminate either whole or part of the facility;
b)
Declare any or all amounts under the facility, either whole or in part, as immediately due and payable to the
lender;
c)
Recover entire dues payable;
d)
Enforce security;
e)
Cancel the undrawn commitment of the facility;
f)
Convert outstanding obligations under the facility into equity capital or other securities of OET; and
g)
Appoint a nominee director on the Board of Directors of OET/OCT.
9.
Restrictive Covenants: The loans availed by OET and OCT contain certain restrictive covenants, which require prior
written consent of the lender, or prior intimation to be made to the lender for certain specified events or corporate
actions, including:
a)
Change in the ownership, management or control;
b)
Change in the general nature of the business;
c)
Enter into any scheme of merger, de-merger, amalgamation, etc. or do a buyback;

--- Page 342 ---
338
d)
Winding up, liquidation or taking any steps for voluntary liquidation or dissolution;
e)
Creation of security interest on the assets of OET, except as permitted by the lender;
f)
Change in the constitutional documents; and
g)
Disposal of assets other than those permitted by the lender.
This is an indicative list and there may be such other additional terms under the various borrowing arrangements entered into
by OET and OCT.
For the purpose of the Offer, our Company has made the required intimations to the lenders of OET under the relevant loan
documents for undertaking activities relating to the Offer and consequent actions, such as change in the capital structure,
changes in composition of the Board and amendments to the Articles of Association, of our Company.

--- Page 343 ---
339
SECTION VI: LEGAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
OUTSTANDING LITIGATION AND MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS
Except as disclosed in this section, there are no outstanding (i) criminal proceedings; (ii) actions taken by regulatory or
statutory authorities; (iii) litigation involving claims related to direct and indirect taxes; and (iv) other pending litigation as
determined to be material as per the materiality policy adopted pursuant to the Board resolution dated December 14, 2023,
in each case involving our Company, its Subsidiaries, Promoter and Directors (“Relevant Parties”). Further, except as stated
in this section, (a) there are no disciplinary actions including penalty imposed by the SEBI or stock exchanges against our
Promoter in the last five Financial Years including any outstanding action; and (b) pending litigation involving our Group
Companies which may have a material impact on our Company.
For the purpose of identification of material litigation in (iv) above, our Board has considered and adopted the following
policy on materiality with regard to outstanding litigation to be disclosed by our Company in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus pursuant to the Board resolution dated December 14, 2023 (“Materiality Policy”). Accordingly, disclosures of
the following types of litigation involving the Relevant Parties have been included.
All outstanding litigation, including any litigation involving the Relevant Parties, other than criminal proceedings, actions by
regulatory authorities and statutory authorities, disciplinary actions including any penalty imposed by SEBI or stock
exchanges against our Promoter in the last five Financial Years including any outstanding actions, and tax matters (direct or
indirect), would be considered ‘material’ if:
(i)
the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person in any such pending proceeding is in excess of 1%
of our Company’s consolidated Net Worth as on June 30, 2023, as per the latest Restated Consolidated Financial
Information, being ₹211.15 million;
(ii)
where monetary liability is not quantifiable or where the monetary liability does not meet the materiality threshold
set out above, where an adverse outcome would materially and adversely affect the business, operations, prospects,
performance or financial position or reputation of our Company; or
(iii)
pending litigations where the decision in one litigation is likely to affect the decision in similar litigations, even
though the amount involved in an individual litigation may not exceed the materiality threshold set out above.
In addition to the above, outstanding proceedings initiated by the customers of our Company and/or its Subsidiaries, against
our Company or its Subsidiaries, where the amount involved in an individual litigation does not exceed the materiality
threshold disclosed above, have been disclosed on a consolidated basis.
It is clarified that for the above purposes, pre-litigation notices received by Relevant Parties from third parties (excluding
those notices issued by statutory or regulatory or governmental or taxation authorities), have not been considered as litigation
until such time that the Relevant Parties are not impleaded as a defendant in the litigation proceedings before any judicial/
quasi-judicial or arbitral forum, unless otherwise decided by our Board.
Except as stated in this section, there are no outstanding material dues to creditors of our Company. For this purpose, our
Board has pursuant to the Board resolution dated December 14, 2023, considered and adopted a policy of materiality for
identification of material outstanding dues to creditors. In  terms of this materiality policy, outstanding dues to any creditor
of our Company having a monetary value which exceeds 5% of the total trade payables of our Company as per the Restated
Consolidated Financial Information of our Company as of June 30, 2023 disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus,
shall be considered as ‘material’. Accordingly, as of June 30, 2023, any outstanding dues exceeding ₹520.34 million  have
been considered as material outstanding dues for the purposes of disclosure in this section.
For outstanding dues to any micro, small or medium enterprise, the disclosure shall be based on information available with
our Company regarding the status of the creditor as defined under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development
Act, 2006 as amended, read with the rules and notification thereunder.

--- Page 344 ---
340
I.
Litigation involving our Company
Litigation against our Company
Material Civil Litigation
Nil
Criminal Litigation
Nil
Actions taken by Regulatory or Statutory Authorities
Nil
Other Matters
1. In the ordinary course of business, our Company and its Material Subsidiary, OET, have been made party to
certain proceedings before various consumer dispute redressal commissions by its customers alleging inter alia
(i) non-delivery of vehicle after payment of full consideration; (ii) cancellation of purchase order and loan
application without consent of customer; (iii) delivery of vehicles that are defective or unable to meet the
advertised standards; (iv) improper servicing of vehicles; and (v) display of erroneous charge levels and break
down of scooters. As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are 189 such matters against us
involving an aggregate amount of ₹44.77 million, to the extent quantifiable. These matters are presently pending
at various stages of adjudication.
In addition to the above-mentioned proceedings which have been instituted before various consumer dispute redressal
commissions, we also receive and redress complaints, from our prospective and existing customers in relation to
sales, fulfilment and service. For further details, including in relation to the mechanism adopted by us to monitor and
resolve the same, please see “Our Business – Redressal of customer concerns and complaints” on page 182.
Litigation by our Company
Material Civil Litigation
Nil
Criminal Litigation
Nil
II.
Litigation involving our Promoter
Litigation against our Promoter
Material Civil Litigation
Nil
Criminal Litigation
1.
Lahari Recording Company (“Complainant”) has filed a first information report (“FIR”) against our Promoter,
ANI Technologies Private Limited and Ankit Bhati, with Jeevan Bhimanagar Police Station, Bengaluru alleging
infringement of copyright on account of playing songs in the ‘Ola Play’ devices without a valid license. Pursuant
to the settlement agreement dated August 20, 2022, entered into between the Complainant and our Promoter
and ANI Technologies Private Limited, the parties have settled the matter. Our Promoter and ANI Technologies
Private Limited have filed a petition under Section 482 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, along with a
joint application with the Complainant, before the Karnataka High Court to quash the FIR. The matter is
currently pending.