--- Page 28 ---
24
such third-party sources are not guaranteed. Although the industry and market data used in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus
is reliable, the data used in these sources may have been re-classified by us for the purposes of presentation however, no material
data in connection with the Offer has been omitted. Data from these sources may also not be comparable.
Industry sources and publications may base their information on estimates and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. The
extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends upon the
reader’s familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard
data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Company conducts business and methodologies and assumptions
may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Such information involves risks, uncertainties and numerous
assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in “Risk Factors – We have used
information from the Redseer Report which we commissioned for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus
and any reliance on such information is subject to inherent risks.” on page 51.
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, “Basis for Offer Price” beginning on page 117 includes information relating
to our peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources specified herein. Accordingly,
no investment decision should be made solely on the basis of such information.
The Redseer Report is subject to the following disclaimer:
“The market information in this Report is arrived at by employing an integrated research methodology which includes
secondary and primary research. Our primary research work includes surveys and in-depth interviews of consumers, customers
and other relevant ecosystem participants, and consultations with market participants and experts. In addition to the primary
research, quantitative market information is also derived based on data from trusted portals and industry publications.
Therefore, the information is subject to limitations of, among others, secondary statistics and primary research, and
accordingly the findings do not purport to be exhaustive. Redseer’s estimates and assumptions are based on varying levels of
quantitative and qualitative analyses from various sources, including industry journals, company reports and information in
the public domain. Redseer’s research has been conducted with a broad perspective on the industry and will not necessarily
reflect the performance of individual companies in the industry. Any financial information pertaining to peer group companies
provided in this Report has been obtained from filings made by such companies with the Registrar of Companies or as publicly
available on their respective websites. No independent research, analysis or verification has been made by Redseer in respect
of such financial information.
While Redseer has taken due care and caution in preparing this Report based on information obtained from sources generally
believed to be reliable, its accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are subject to limitations like interpretations of
market scenarios across sources, data availability, amongst others.
Forecasts, estimates and other forward-looking statements contained in this Report are inherently uncertain and could fluctuate
due to changes in factors underlying their assumptions, or events or combinations of events that cannot be reasonably foreseen.
The forecasts, estimates and other forward-looking statements in this Report depend on factors like the recovery of the economy,
evolution of consumer sentiments, the competitive environment, amongst others, leading to significant uncertainty, all of which
cannot be reasonably and accurately accounted for. Actual results and future events could differ materially from such forecasts,
estimates, or such statements.
This Report is not a recommendation to invest/disinvest in any entity covered in the Report and this Report should not be
construed as investment advice within the meaning of any law or regulation.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in this Report should be construed as Redseer providing or intending
to provide any services in jurisdictions where it does not have the necessary permission and/or registration to carry out its
business activities in this regard. No part of this Report shall be reproduced or extracted or published in any form without
Redseer’s prior written approval.”
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United States
The Equity Shares have not been recommended by any U.S. federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority.
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus or approved or disapproved the Equity Shares. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United
States. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the
Offer, including the merits and risks involved. The Equity Shares offered in the Offer have not been and will not be registered
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or any other applicable law of the
United States and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities
laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are being offered and sold (a) in the United States only to persons reasonably believed to
be “qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and referred to in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus as “U.S. QIBs”; for the avoidance of doubt, the term U.S. QIBs does not refer to a category of institutional
investor defined under applicable Indian regulations and referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as “QIBs”) in
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and (b) outside of the United States in offshore

--- Page 29 ---
25
transactions as defined in and in compliance with Regulation S and the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those offers
and sales are made. See “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Eligibility and Transfer Restrictions” on page 352.
The Equity Shares have not been and will not be registered, listed or otherwise qualified in any other jurisdiction outside India
and may not be offered or sold, and Bids may not be made, by persons in any such jurisdiction except in compliance with the
applicable laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 30 ---
26
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus that are not statements of historical fact constitute “forward-looking statements”. All statements regarding
our expected financial condition and results of operations, business, plans and prospects are forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”,
“estimate”, “intend”, “likely to”, “seek to”, “shall”, “objective”, “plan”, “project”, “propose”, “will”, “will continue”, “will
pursue” or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our strategies, objectives, plans or goals
are also forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements whether made by us or any third parties in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus are based on our current plans, estimates, presumptions and expectations and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about us that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the
relevant forward-looking statement, including but not limited to, regulatory changes pertaining to the industry in which we
operate and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion,
technological changes, our exposure to market risks, general economic and political conditions in India and globally, which
have an impact on our business activities or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of India, inflation, deflation,
unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of the
financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic and international laws, regulations and taxes and changes in
competition in our industry. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include,
but are not limited to, the following:
1.
We have a limited operating history and have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations;
2.
We could experience defects, quality issues or disruptions in the supply, or increase in prices of, components used in
our EVs, which can adversely affect our product pricing and manufacturing and delivery timelines;
3.
Defects in our EVs, or their failure to perform as per industry standards or meet the performance levels advertised
could adversely impact our brand and reputation and result in product recalls or legal actions against us;
4.
Risks hindering our in-house cell manufacturing capabilities at the Ola Gigafactory;
5.
Any reductions or eliminations of government incentives such as the Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Electric
(“FAME”) subsidy, benefits under the production linked incentive (“PLI”) scheme for Automobile and Auto
Component Industry (“Automobile PLI Scheme”), PLI Scheme for National Programme on Advanced Chemistry
Cell Battery Storage (“Cell PLI Scheme”) (together “PLI Schemes”), subsidies from the government of Tamil Nadu,
and goods and services tax concessions available to our customers or the ineligibility of any of our EVs for such
subsidies;
6.
Failure to accurately estimate the supply and demand for our EVs could lead to either a shortage or excess in inventory,
while low demand for our EVs and low capacity utilization of our Ola Futurefactory could limit our ability to leverage
economies of scale;
7.
Our ability to successfully develop, introduce, manufacture, market and deliver new EV models of high quality on
schedule and on a large scale;
8.
Our ability to compete successfully in the highly competitive and fast evolving automotive market;
9.
Delays, disruptions or cost overruns in the expansion of our Ola Futurefactory; and
10.
Our ability to attract and retain customers.
For further discussion of factors that could cause the actual results to differ from the expectations, see “Risk Factors”, “Our
Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages
28, 153 and 308, respectively. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially
different from what actually occurs in the future. As a result, actual future gains or losses could materially differ from those
that have been estimated and are not a guarantee of future performance.
Forward-looking statements reflect current views of our Company as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and are
not a guarantee of future performance. There can be no assurance to investors that the expectations reflected in these forward-
looking statements will prove to be correct. Given these uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
such forward-looking statements and not to regard such statements to be a guarantee of our future performance.
These statements are based on our management’s belief and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available
information. Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based on are reasonable,
any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could
be incorrect. Neither our Company, any Selling Shareholder, our Directors, the BRLMs nor any of their respective affiliates

--- Page 31 ---
27
have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to
reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition. In accordance with the
requirements of the SEBI, our Company shall ensure that Bidders in India are informed of material developments, in relation
to statements and undertakings confirmed and undertaken by our Company and each of the Selling Shareholders, severally and
not jointly, in relation to itself as a Selling Shareholder and its respective portion of the Offered Shares, in the Red Herring
Prospectus, from the date thereof until the time of the grant of listing and trading permission by the Stock Exchanges for the
Offer. In this regard, each of the Selling Shareholders shall, severally and not jointly, ensure that our Company and BRLMs
are informed of material developments in relation to the statements and undertakings specifically confirmed or undertaken by
such Selling Shareholder in relation to itself as a Selling Shareholder and its respective portion of the Offered Shares in the Red
Herring Prospectus, from the date thereof until the time of the grant of listing and trading permission by the Stock Exchanges
for the Offer.

--- Page 32 ---
28
SECTION II: RISK FACTORS
An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this
Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment in our Equity
Shares.
We have described the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the
only risks relevant to us, our Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Unless
specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications
of any of the risks mentioned in this section. If any or a combination of the following risks actually occur, or if any of the risks
that are currently not known or deemed to be not relevant or material now actually occur or become material in the future, our
business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares
could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. For more details on our business and operations, see “Our
Business,” “Industry Overview,” “Key Regulations and Policies,” “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” and
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 153, 129, 189, 232 and
308, respectively, as well as other financial information included elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making
an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer, including the merits
and risks involved, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing
in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws
of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries.
This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and
uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 26.
Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled ‘Electric
Vehicle (EV) Market in India’ dated December 21, 2023 prepared and issued by Redseer, which has been commissioned and
paid for by us and prepared, only for the purposes of understanding the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. The
Redseer Report is available at the following web-link: https://olaelectric.com/investor-relations/reports. Unless otherwise
indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Redseer Report and included
herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year. For further details, please see “ –
We have used information from the Redseer Report which we commissioned for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus and any reliance on such information is subject to inherent risks.” and “Industry Overview” on pages 51 and 129,
respectively. Unless otherwise indicated or unless context requires otherwise, the financial information in this section has been
derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information. See “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” on page
232. Our financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the subsequent year, and references to a particular
financial year are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year.
Internal Risks
1.
We have a limited operating history and have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations.
We have a limited operating history. Incorporated in 2017, our Company is a pure EV player in India building
vertically integrated technology and manufacturing capabilities for EVs and EV components. We delivered our first
electric vehicle (“EV”) scooter in December 2021. We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operating
activities in the three-months period ended June 30, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 as shown below:
Amount in ₹ million
Three-months period
ended June 30, 2023
Fiscal 2023
Fiscal 2022
Fiscal 2021
Loss Before Tax
(2,671.56)
(14,720.79)
(7,841.50)
(1,992.32)
Net cash used in
Operating Activities
(972.37)
(15,072.71)
(8,849.54)
(2,520.25)
We may continue to incur operating losses in the near term as we invest in our business and expand our product
portfolio, build capacity and scale our operations. For example, the expansion of our product portfolio, including the
introduction of Ola S1 Air, the Ola S1 X+, Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and Ola S1 X (3 kWh) and our strategy of expanding
our sales footprint across international automotive markets, could result in an increase in our operating costs. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to manage costs effectively to sell our products at favourable margins or that
our expansion into international markets will prove to be profitable. Failure to become profitable would materially and
adversely affect the value of your investment in our Company. Our Material Subsidiary, OET incurred losses in the
three-months period ended June 30, 2023, Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 and our Subsidiary, Ola Cell Technologies

--- Page 33 ---
29
Private Limited (“OCT”), which was incorporated in Fiscal 2023, incurred losses in the three-months period ended
June 30, 2023 and Fiscal 2023. Additionally, under the terms of the financing arrangements of OCT, our Company is
required to provide equity and/ or debt financing to OCT. We cannot assure you that our Company will have sufficient
free cash reserve to infuse as debt and/or equity in OCT. Since our operations are undertaken primarily through our
Subsidiaries, their continued viability is critical for us to maintain and achieve profitability. Further, under Ind AS,
any grant of options under our ESOP Scheme results in a charge to our profit and loss statement based on the fair value
of the ESOPs on the date on which the grant is made and such expenses reduce our profitability to that extent for the
relevant financial quarter or year.
As we have a limited operating history, there is a limited historical basis on which we can make judgments regarding
our ability to develop, manufacture, and deliver EVs or their components or our future results of operations, including
our ability to achieve profitability in the future. We have heavily invested in and plan to continue investing in R&D
and technology, including developing our cell manufacturing capabilities through the BIC. There is no assurance that
we will realize returns on such investments.
In addition, once the batteries installed in the scooters that we have sold reach the end of their lifecycle and are required
to be replaced, some of our customers may consider the cost of replacing the batteries in our EVs to be high. In such
cases, we may lose customers or experience lower demand for our EVs. Our business and prospects should be
considered in light of the risks and challenges we face as a new entrant in the EV industry, including with respect to
our ability to advance our EV technologies; develop and manufacture reliable EVs and EV components that appeal to
customers; deliver and service a large volume of EVs; maintain our brand cost-effectively, which may require
additional expenditure and time and the successful completion of several product delivery cycles; successfully launch
new electric two-wheeler (“E2W”) models and expand our product portfolio; navigate the dynamic EV regulatory
environment in India and overseas; improve our operational efficiency; adapt to customer demands and feedback;
manage our supply chain effectively; adapt to technological developments and changes in the competitive landscape;
and manage our growth effectively, including our potential long-term expansion into other geographies. If we fail to
address any or all of these risks and challenges, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
2.
We could experience defects, quality issues or disruptions in the supply or increase in prices of components used
in our electric vehicles thus increasing material costs and the price of our electric vehicles and impacting our
projected manufacturing and delivery timelines.
We manufacture certain EV components, while others are sourced from third-party domestic and foreign suppliers.
We imported cells from foreign suppliers. Batteries for our EV scooters constituted approximately 35% of the bill of
materials (“BOM”) for Ola S1 Pro scooters as September 30, 2023.
The table below shows the total cost of materials consumed for our EV scooters as a percentage of our expenses for
the three-months period ended June 30, 2023 and Fiscals 2023 and 2022, respectively, after we commenced delivery
of our first EV model in December 2021:
Amount in ₹ million except percentage values
Three-months period
ended June 30, 2023
Fiscal 2023
Fiscal 2022
% Cost of materials
consumed
76.23%
64.50%
49.83%
Total Expenses
14,607.15
38,833.75
11,738.12
While we provide our suppliers with the design specifications of certain of our EV components such as the body panels
and frames of our scooters and in some instances, necessary tools to manufacture our EV components, we cannot
guarantee that the quality of the EV components manufactured by them will be consistent and maintained as per our
design specifications and will be consistent across multiple suppliers. We also cannot guarantee the suppliers’
compliance with ethical business practices, such as environmental responsibilities, industry standards on sustainability,
fair wage practices and compliance with child labour laws, among others. While our suppliers provide product
warranties, any defects or quality issues with these components or any incidents of non-compliance by these suppliers
could result in quality issues with our EVs, interruptions or delays in the supply of EV components and consequently
adversely impact our brand image and results of operations.
There can be no assurance that our existing suppliers will be able to provide adequate materials and EV components
in a timely manner as we scale up our operations. For instance, in calendar year 2022, we faced delays in the delivery
of electronic child parts due to a global shortage of such parts in the auto industry as per the Redseer Report, which
resulted in a delay in our EV production. If we are unable to successfully retain these suppliers on commercially
favourable terms, we may have to seek alternative suppliers as replacement which may result in increased cost, delays
in EV production, EV component replacement and servicing and ultimately reduce our EV sales, which in turn could
adversely affect our results of operations and brand image. In addition, delays in replacing our limited source suppliers
could cause disruptions in our supply chain. If we seek to diversify suppliers in the future, we may not be able to do
so within our preferred timeframe or budget. Furthermore, external factors such as currency fluctuations, tariffs or

--- Page 34 ---
30
shortages in petroleum and other economic or political conditions may result in significant increases in freight charges
and costs of raw materials and EV components thus, increasing our operating costs and reducing our margins, and in
some cases, causing delays in procurement of such materials and EV components.
With respect to batteries in particular, we are exposed to multiple risks relating to availability and pricing of quality
cells as we do not have any long-term contracts for a duration greater than a year with our cell supplier. Furthermore,
although we have sought to work with reputed suppliers for each of our battery components, we may still face risks in
receiving a steady supply of components. These risks include the inability or unwillingness of cell manufacturers to
build or operate cell manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of cells (including the applicable chemistries) required
to support the growth of the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for EVs increases; disruption in the
supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the cell manufacturers; and an increase in the cost, or decrease in the
available supply of raw materials used in cell manufacturing, such as lithium, nickel, cobalt and manganese oxides,
aluminium, graphite, copper and other minerals. The growth in popularity of EVs without a significant expansion in
cell production capacity could result in shortages which would result in suppliers increasing their prices in response
to increased demand thus leading to increased material costs, and would impact our projected manufacturing and
delivery timelines, and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows.
3.
If our electric vehicles contain defects, do not perform as per industry standards and/or fail to meet the performance
levels advertised, our brand and reputation and our ability to develop, market and sell our electric vehicles could
be adversely impacted, and we may be compelled to undertake product recalls or similar corrective actions and have
legal actions taken against us.
As a new entrant in the EV industry, we have a limited operating history in manufacturing, testing, delivering, and
servicing our EVs. While any EVs that we deliver must meet the relevant EV standards prescribed by the Automotive
Research Association of India (“ARAI”) and the Automotive Industry Standards as amended from time to time, these
testing and approval protocols may not succeed in identifying and addressing all latent, potential and other defects.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in the EVs on a timely basis, or at all. Any
defects or any other failure of our EVs to perform or operate as advertised could harm our reputation and result in
negative publicity, loss of revenue, delivery delays, product liability claims, harm to the ‘Ola’ brand, and significant
expenses including warranty claims, cause us to be subject to potential lawsuits, diversion of our management’s
attention and other resources that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects. For details on litigation initiated by customers before consumer forums, please refer to
“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigation against our
Company – Other Matters” on page 340. In addition, there could be mal-operation, negligence, or failure to follow
protocols by our employees or our third-party service providers.
If any of our EVs or EV components procured from suppliers or manufactured internally (including our cells) prove
to be defective or noncompliant with applicable government motor vehicle safety standards, due to human error, or
otherwise, we or our suppliers may be compelled to initiate product recalls. For example, we identified 1,441 EV
scooters manufactured between February 5, 2022 and February 9, 2022 suspected to contain faulty batteries. We gave
the owners of such scooters the option to bring in their scooters for a detailed diagnostics and health check of their
scooters and battery packs, and undertook to replace any batteries that were found to be faulty based on certain test
results. 678 customers came forth for such inspection and we were not required to replace any batteries. Such
inspections, repairs and replacements involve significant expenses, the possibility of lawsuits, and diversion of
management’s attention and other resources, which could adversely affect our brand image in our target market and
our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
4.
We may face various risks that could hinder our in-house cell manufacturing capabilities at the Ola Gigafactory.
We are constructing the Ola Gigafactory for cell manufacturing in Krishnagiri district in Tamil Nadu, India. Phase
1(a) of the Ola Gigafactory is expected to be operational by March 31, 2024, at which time it will have a production
capacity of 1.4 GWh. We expect to complete Phase 1(b) and expand the production capacity of the Ola Gigafactory
to 5 GWh by October 2024.
We may face significant delays in setting up of the factory, including procurement and successful integration of local
and imported machinery, shortcomings in the operation and maintenance of the factory and delays or failure in receipt
of key government approvals. We may also be unable to achieve the level of automation and precision required for
cell manufacturing. We aim to develop new cell form factors which are capable of storing five times the energy of
conventional cell form factors and use advanced technologies such as advanced electrode manufacturing technologies.
Thus, we face higher risks of delays and cost overruns due to research and development spends and capital expenditure.
Even after developing our cells, the manufacturing process takes significant time to perfect, which may result in us
achieving a low cell yield for a considerable duration during the initial stages of cell production thereby impacting our
ability to achieve profitability in our cell business. Furthermore, our cell manufacturing processes may be impacted
by import regulations and duties that may limit the amount of raw materials we can import into India in order to

--- Page 35 ---
31
manufacture our own cells. Our cell manufacturing capabilities may also be hindered due to any future government
regulations that may not favour Indian cell manufacturers. See “ – Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts
of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business” on page 54.
The land on which we are building the Ola Gigafactory has been leased from the State Industries Promotion
Corporation of Tamil Nadu Limited (“SIPCOT”) and leased to our Subsidiary, OCT. In addition, the Government of
Tamil Nadu and our Company have also entered into a memorandum of understanding (“SIPCOT MoU”), to govern
the terms and conditions of usage of land at Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts of Tamil Nadu to establish the Ola
Gigafactory. In terms of the SIPCOT MoU, our Company is subject to certain covenants such as inter alia (i) minimum
investment in certain fixed assets within a specified time period; and (ii) providing a certain amount of employment at
the Ola Gigafactory during such time period when the minimum investment is undertaken. Any failure by us in
complying with the conditions set out in our lease agreement with SIPCOT may subject us to fines, penalties, legal
proceedings and cancellation of the allotment.
We intend to fund Phases 1(a) and 1(b) of the construction of the Ola Gigafactory using internal accruals and long-
term borrowings availed by OCT, and utilize a portion of the proceeds from this Offer to fund phase 2 of the project.
For further details, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 97. Any delay in financing this project could significantly delay
our plans to expand our operations and achieve economies of scale for our existing and future EV models.
OCT has entered into a common rupee facility agreement dated October 12, 2023 (“Facility Agreement”) with the
State Bank of India (“SBI”) for a term loan for partly funding 5 GWh of the Ola Gigafactory. The tenor of the Facility
Agreement is 11 years from January 30, 2023. Further, OCT and OET have entered into an offtake agreement dated
January 30, 2023 (“Effective Date”), for the supply of 4680- form factor cells by OCT to OET for the EVs
manufactured by OET which is valid for six years from the Effective Date unless terminated earlier in accordance with
the offtake agreement. The offtake agreement also includes minimum purchase commitments by OET. Any default or
breach or termination of the offtake agreement without approval of SBI would result in an event of default under the
Facility Agreement. Consequence of such an event of default includes inter alia appointment of a nominee director,
conversion of debt into equity, cancellation, termination or suspension of commitments, enforcement of security and
exercise of rights specified in the corporate guarantee executed by our Company in favour of SBICAP Trustee
Company Limited dated October 12, 2023.
We have developed cell technology around the 4680 form factor, for which testing is in progress. We expect to use
the cells produced by the Ola Gigafactory for both our existing products, future planned products, and to build energy
products like battery energy storage systems. We cannot guarantee that the new 4680-form factor cells or other new
technology we launch will achieve general market acceptance in India or abroad. According to the Redseer Report,
the technology surrounding cells is rapidly evolving with the development of advanced technologies and battery
alternatives as of September 30, 2023. We may face competition from more advanced cell technology developed by
other manufacturers and other battery alternatives being developed and used globally such as lithium iron phosphate
and nickel manganese cobalt oxide cathode batteries, which may cause our cell technology to become obsolete in
comparison. Prolonged disadvantageous exchange rate movements and inflation may also substantially increase our
costs and adversely affect our results of operations.
5.
Any reduction or elimination of government incentives such as the Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Electric
(“FAME”) subsidy, benefits under the production linked incentive (“PLI”) scheme for Automobile and Auto
Component Industry (“Automobile PLI Scheme”), PLI Scheme for National Programme on Advanced Chemistry
Cell Battery Storage (“Cell PLI Scheme”) (together “PLI Schemes”), subsidies from the government of Tamil
Nadu, and goods and services tax concessions available to our customers or the ineligibility of any of our electric
vehicles for such subsidy would increase the purchase cost of our electric vehicles and could adversely affect
customer demand for our electric vehicles.
FAME subsidies for EVs were introduced by the Government of India to narrow the gap between prices of traditional
internal combustion engine (“ICE”) vehicles and EVs and encourage EV adoption. We submit subsidy claims for EVs
sold that meet the government’s performance and efficiency eligibility criteria and receive the subsidies directly. The
applicable FAME subsidy is priced into the retail price of our EVs.
In addition to the above, the Government of India has also introduced various PLI Schemes. The Cell PLI Scheme
proposes to provide incentives to potential domestic and overseas investors to set-up giga-scale advanced chemistry
cell manufacturing facilities in India. For further details on the FAME and PLI Schemes, refer to “Key Regulations
and Policies” beginning on page 189.
Our Company has been approved to be eligible for the Cell PLI Scheme vide an approval dated March 28, 2022, from
the Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India, subject to certain conditions. The Cell PLI Scheme provides
for a cash incentive to be distributed to our Company on a quarterly basis which is dependent on the percentage of
value addition during the relevant period and actual sale of the advanced chemistry cells. Under the Cell PLI Scheme,
we are required to manufacture cells as per the committed capacity specified in our bid. Accordingly, we are required
to achieve 1GWh capacity in the first year in Fiscal 2024, 5GWh capacity in the second year, 10GWh capacity in the

--- Page 36 ---
32
third year and 20GWh capacity by the fourth year. If we fail to achieve the agreed upon capacity each year, the
Government of India has the right to deduct twice the shortfall in the committed capacity from the total subsidy payable
to us. Furthermore, the Government of India has the right to discontinue payment of any subsidy and appropriate the
performance security furnished by us in case we fail to achieve the agreed upon milestones.
Our Material Subsidiary, OET has been approved to be eligible for the Champion OEM Incentive Scheme under the
Automobile PLI Scheme vide a letter of award dated February 22, 2022, from the Industrial Finance Corporation of
India Limited (“IFCI”). Under the Automobile PLI Scheme, the incentive amount ranges between 13% and 18% of
the “determined sales value” (“DSV”).
Further, we receive subsidies from the Government of Tamil Nadu, such as (i) investment promotion subsidies; (ii)
incentive for GST on capital goods; (iii) land cost subsidy; and (iv) electricity tax incentive. Moreover, the GST council
in its 47th meeting recommended that the EVs, whether or not fitted with a battery pack, are eligible for concessional
GST rate of 5%.
The reduction, elimination, non-receipt, or delay in receiving such incentives and subsidies from the government
would reduce the demand for EVs and cause us to become less price competitive in comparison to conventional ICE
vehicles which are currently lower priced.
In the future, there may be new opportunities for us to apply for grants, loans and other incentives from the Indian
government and foreign governments. Our ability to obtain funds or incentives from governments is subject to the
availability of funds and total funds allocated under applicable government programs and approval of our applications
to participate in such programs which are highly competitive. The Government of India has, in the past, and may in
the future, recall or scale back the benefits available to EV manufacturers under its schemes, impacting EV
manufactures and resulting in an increase in the cost of our products to our customers. For example, pursuant to a
notification dated May 19, 2023 from the Ministry of Heavy Industries, Government of India, the cap on incentives
for FAME subsidies for E2Ws were scaled back from 40% of the cost of an E2W to 15% of the ex-factory price of an
E2W, starting from June 1, 2023. As a result of the reduced subsidy, our customers faced an increase in the retail price
of our EV scooters of ₹ 22,784 for the Ola S1 and ₹ 37,106 for the Ola S1 Pro. We experienced a decline in orders in
June 2023 by 58.14% as compared to May 2023. If we fail to meet the requirements of the FAME subsidy and/or the
PLI Schemes, our vehicles would no longer be eligible for the FAME subsidy, which amounts to ₹ 21,916 per vehicle
for the Ola S1 and ₹ 22,444 per vehicle for the Ola S1 Pro, as of June 30, 2023, and/or we would not be able to claim
government incentives under the PLI Schemes, the amount of which varies based on the determined sales value. This
may weaken our competitive advantage due to higher product pricing (sans the subsidies), potentially impacting our
business and financial performance. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any
amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy related to FAME and PLI schemes may adversely
impact our business and financial conditions.
Further, the availability of such government subsidies may be critical to accelerate the adoption of EVs and therefore,
competition with ICE vehicles that are manufactured by long-standing industry players who already have a well-
established brand reputation in the two-wheeler and four-wheeler markets – in the absence of such subsidies, we cannot
assure you that consumers will continue to purchase EVs or that we will be able to compete with ICE vehicles, whose
costs may be lower than that of non-subsidized EVs.
6.
We may not be able to accurately estimate the supply and demand for our electric vehicles leading to either a
shortage or excess in inventory, which in turn could prevent us from effectively managing our manufacturing
requirements, resulting in additional costs, production delays. Low demand for our vehicles and low capacity
utilization of our Ola Futurefactory may limit our ability to leverage economies of scale.
We commenced delivery of our first EV scooter in December 2021. As the scale of our EV production increases, we
need to accurately forecast, purchase, store, and manage transport of EV components to our Ola Futurefactory to
manage our production costs and avoid production delays. As a new entrant with limited operating history in a
relatively nascent segment within the automotives industry, we have limited insights into consumer trends including
customers’ inclination to adopt EVs and the competitive landscape that may emerge and affect our business. It is
therefore difficult to predict our future revenue and appropriately budget for our expenses. There is a lead time of three
to six months from when we submit a purchase order for the raw materials and/or EV components until delivery. If
we overestimate the demand of our EVs, we may have excess inventory of our EVs and/or product components and/or
raw materials and incur unnecessary costs of manufacturing additional EVs and costs of storage. If we underestimate
our requirements, our suppliers may supply inadequate inventory, which could result in delays in manufacturing due
to shortage of raw materials/EV components thus leading to a delay in deliveries of our EVs and collection of revenues.
As of October 31, 2023, we have not experienced excess or inadequate inventory since we commenced operations.
The lead times for materials and EV components that we order from our suppliers may vary significantly and depend
on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for each EV component at a given time. If we fail
to order sufficient quantities of raw materials and/or product components in a timely manner, the delivery of EVs to
our customers could be delayed, which would harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows.

--- Page 37 ---
33
While we had a total licensed installed capacity of one million units as of October 31, 2023, we may not be able to
fully utilize such capacity if demand for our EVs does not meet our expectations. See “Our Business – Our
Manufacturing and Supply Chain Capabilities” on page 158. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve
high capacity utilization rates in the future which in turn could limit our ability to leverage economies of scale, thereby
adversely affecting our margins and results of operations.
7.
Our success depends on our ability to successfully develop, introduce, manufacture, market and deliver new electric
vehicle models of high quality on schedule and on a large scale, which may expose us to new and increased
challenges and risks.
Our growth depends on our ability to successfully develop, introduce, manufacture, market and deliver new EV
scooters and EV motorcycles (please refer to “Our Business – Our Strategies” on page 164) in the medium-to-long
term. This development of new EVs requires significant capital expenditure, including investments in engineers and
other human capital, optimization of our supply chain, R&D costs and other intangibles, which may result in cost
overruns, particularly given that we have no prior experience manufacturing such EVs. Factors affecting competition
include, among others, technological innovation, product quality and safety, product pricing, sales efficiency,
manufacturing efficiency, quality of services, brand value, design and styling. Increasing competition may lead to
lower EV unit sales and increasing inventory. Our ability to successfully compete against other vehicle brands will be
fundamental to our future success in existing and new markets and our market share.
Further, we may experience material delays in the launch and rollout of new EVs in the future and our growth prospects
could be adversely affected as we may fail to maintain or grow our market share.
Developing and launching enhancements to our technology platform containing our key technologies may also involve
significant technical risks and upfront capital investments that may not generate commensurate return on investment.
We plan to continue investing in R&D and technology, as well as into developing our cell manufacturing capabilities
through the BIC, including continuing our efforts to design and produce the 4680 form factor cell in the future. We
may not be able to innovate or innovate at the speed of some of our competitors. Hence, our technology or platform
may become obsolete and this may result in a loss of market share. We may use new technologies ineffectively, or we
may fail to adapt to emerging industry standards or regulatory requirements. Due to any of the reasons above, our
customers may be dissatisfied with our EVs which in turn may cause a decline in our brand reputation.
Our ability to successfully develop, introduce, manufacture, market and deliver new, high quality EVs on schedule
and on a large scale depends on:
•
our ability to generate cash flow, secure necessary funding and control expenses and investments in anticipation
of expanded operations;
•
our ability to negotiate and execute definitive agreements, and maintain arrangements on reasonable terms, with
our various suppliers for hardware, software or services necessary to engineer or manufacture parts or
components of our EVs. For example, we have entered into a licensing agreement with a software supplier to
license their product lifecycle management tool, a software used to design EV components, and manufacturing
execution system, a digital register that tracks the production status of our assembly lines;
•
our ability to manage a large work force in different divisions and geographies and implement and enhance
administrative infrastructure, safety, systems and processes;
•
our ability to secure the necessary EV components, services, or licenses on acceptable terms and in a timely
manner;
•
our ability to deliver final EV component designs to our suppliers in a timely manner;
•
our ability to maintain effective and efficient quality and safety controls, including within our manufacturing
processes;
•
our ability to design and manufacture EVs without defects that require us to undertake repairs or take field
actions, such as issuing product recalls or changing vehicle designs; and
•
our ability to obtain the required regulatory approvals and certifications.
If we are unable to manage or prevent the above risks, our brand, reputation and results of operations will be negatively
impacted.
8.
We may not be able to compete successfully in the highly competitive and fast evolving automotive market.
The India automotive market is highly competitive, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete
successfully in our markets. Our existing and future competitors may have significantly greater financial resources
that can be devoted to design, development, manufacturing, marketing, sales and support of their vehicles. They may
also have technical and manufacturing capabilities and/or marketing, distribution and service network and brand
recognition that is comparable to, or more developed than, our own. If products from our competitors surpass the
quality or performance of our EVs or are offered at more competitive prices, or if this becomes the prevailing
perception among consumers, our profitability and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 38 ---
34
Developments in alternative technologies in ICE vehicles such as advanced diesel, hydrogen, ethanol, fuel cells, or
compressed natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy or other features of ICE or the cost of gasoline, may
materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. The novelty of EV technology has in the past been a source
of resistance to faster adoption of EVs among customers. Additionally, customers may perceive ICE vehicles to be
easier to repair as compared to EV scooters. Further, alternative cell technologies, fuels or sources of energy, including
alternatives that are not dependent on charging infrastructure, may emerge as customers’ preferred alternative to our
EVs. Any failure by us to develop new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing
technologies, could materially delay our development of new and enhanced EVs, which could result in the loss of
competitiveness of our EVs, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors.
9.
The expansion of our existing Ola Futurefactory facility and production capacity may be subject to delays,
disruptions, cost overruns, or may not produce the expected benefits and thus could adversely affect our production
capacity, financial condition, and results of operation.
We plan to set up multiple manufacturing facilities within our EV hub to support production of our existing and future
EV scooter models. In doing so, we could experience delays or other difficulties and will require significant capital
and availability of qualified personnel. Further, we could face shortages or disruptions in supply of electricity and
water from SIPCOT which may cause delays and disrupt our expansion of production capacity. We may encounter
quality, process, or other issues when increasing the number of assembly lines to increase our production capacity.
Our current allotment of land from SIPCOT for our manufacturing facilities is for a period of 99 years which may be
terminated earlier by SIPCOT in case of non-compliance with the terms and conditions of the lease and allotment
orders for the land parcels including non-implementation of the proposed project, failing to utilize an extent of the
allotted land and/or non-payment of dues. Failure to complete the expansion on schedule and within budget could
adversely affect our financial condition, production capacity, and results of operations. Moreover, we could encounter
similar or additional risks if we were to establish new manufacturing facilities in addition to the Ola Futurefactory
located in Tamil Nadu, India.
Under Indian laws, the construction of manufacturing facilities is subject to, inter alia, government supervision and
approval procedures, including but not limited to project approvals and filings, construction land and project planning
approvals, environment protection approvals, the pollution discharge permits, drainage license, work safety approvals,
fire protection approvals, and the completion of inspection and acceptance by relevant authorities. Some of the
construction projects carried out by us are undergoing necessary approval procedures as required by law. For our Ola
Futurefactory, we have applied to the Deputy Director, District Town and Country Planning for construction of an
industrial building for manufacture of E2Ws. For details, see “Government and Other Approvals – Material Approvals
applied for but not received” on page 348. There is no assurance that we will be able to comply with the requirements
of such government supervision or procure the aforementioned approvals in a timely manner or at all. As a result, the
relevant entities operating such construction projects may be subject to administrative uncertainty, fines, or the
suspension of use of such projects. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business operations.
10.
Our business depends substantially on the continued efforts of our Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management
and other qualified personnel, and our operations may be disrupted if we lose their services.
Our success depends substantially on the continued efforts of our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management
Personnel with expertise in various areas. If one or more of our executive officers or key employees are unable or
unwilling to continue their services with us, we might not be able to replace them easily, in a timely manner, or at all.
As we build our brand and become more well-known, the risk that competitors or other companies may poach our
talent increases. Our industry is characterized by high demand and intense competition for talent, and therefore we
cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain engineers, qualified staff or other highly skilled employees.
We had turnover in some of our Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and other personnel,
including certain senior executives, in Fiscals 2022 and 2023. For details of change in Key Managerial Personnel and
Senior Management Personnel in last three years, please see “Our Management – Changes in Key Managerial
Personnel and Senior Management Personnel” on page 223.
Furthermore, as our Company is relatively young, with limited experience in training new employees, our ability to
train and integrate new employees into our operations may not meet the growing demands of our business, which may
materially and adversely affect our ability to grow our business and our results of operations. Any negative publicity
arising from such turnover may adversely affect our reputation and our ability to attract talent. In addition, because
our EVs are based on a different technology platform than traditional ICE vehicles, individuals with sufficient training
in such vehicles may not be available to hire, and we will need to expend significant time and expense training the
employees we hire. We also require sufficient talent in areas such as software development. Our employee attrition
rate was 42.06% and 47.48% in the seven-month period ended October 31, 2023 (on an annualized basis) and Fiscal
2023, respectively. We also employ personnel on a contractual basis, including in our experience centres, and we
cannot assure you that we will be able to recruit qualified and adequately trained personnel to meet the growing
demands of our business.
We are highly dependent on the services and reputation of Bhavish Aggarwal, our Founder, Chairman and Managing

--- Page 39 ---
35
Director, who has significant influence on our business plan. He is also the Chairman and Managing Director of ANI
Technologies Private Limited and has recently founded a new startup, Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited. His
involvement with ANI Technologies Private Limited and Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited may detract from the
time that he is able to dedicate to our Company.
If Bhavish Aggarwal or any of our KMP or senior management terminates their services with us due to death, disability
or any other reason, or if their reputation is adversely impacted by personal actions or omissions or other events within
or outside their control, our business may be disrupted, our financial condition and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected and we may incur additional expenses to recruit, train, and retain qualified personnel.
If any of our KMP or senior management joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers,
know-how and key professionals and staff members. Each of our KMP and senior management has entered into an
employment agreement containing a non-compete provision, with us. However, if any dispute arises between our KMP
and senior management and us, the non-competition provisions contained in their non-compete agreements may not
be enforceable.
11.
If we are not able to attract and retain customers, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows would be materially harmed.
Our success depends on our ability to attract a large number of customers to purchase our EVs and the associated
services, such as EV servicing, regular repair services and road-side assistance. Our ability to attract customers is
dependent on many factors, including our ability to design and manufacture EVs that satisfy the needs and preferences
of customers and meet applicable industry standards, grow our brand and reputation in the EV market, provide after
sale services, advertise and promote our EVs and increase the scale and efficiency of our sales network. In the three-
months period ended June 30, 2023 and for Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, our advertising, marketing and sales
promotion were as follows:
Three-months period
ended June 30, 2023
Fiscal 2023
Fiscal 2022
Fiscal 2021
₹ million
% of
revenue
from
operation
s
₹ million
% of
revenue
from
operation
s
₹ million
% of
revenue
from
operation
s
₹ million
% of
revenue
from
operation
s
Advertising,
marketing and sales
promotion
131.18
1.06
614.70
2.34
494.20
13.23
15.95
184.61
While we have primarily relied on the strength of our brand to promote the sales of our EVs in the past, in the future
we may allocate significant resources to advertising and promotional activities, including promotional discounts on
our EVs, and there can be no assurance that such efforts will yield their expected benefits in terms of attracting
customers to us. Furthermore, if our charging infrastructure is not conveniently accessible to customers or if our
aftersales services, such as EV servicing, are not efficient, our brand name and reputation could be negatively
impacted, thus leading to slower growth in new customers. Any deficiency in grievance redressal of our customers
can also affect customer satisfaction which may impact our reputation and brand.
While we provide at-home scooter servicing and servicing at our experience centres, our road-side assistance is
provided through third party service providers with whom we have partnered with. We have limited experience
servicing EVs and providing after-sales service to our customers in part through third-party service providers. We
cannot assure you that our service arrangements will adequately address the service requirements of our customers to
their satisfaction, or that we and our third party service providers will have sufficient resources to meet these service
requirements in a timely manner as the volume of EVs we deliver increases.
Furthermore, our future success may also depend in part on securing additional commercial agreements with potential
corporate customers that may place large orders with us to support and grow their vehicle fleets. Our first experience
centre was opened in September 2022 and operated by our affiliate, Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited. Up until
June 30, 2023, Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited operated our experience centres and service centres. We
assumed control of the operation of the experience centres and service centres on July 1, 2023. As of October 31, 2023,
we had 935 experience centres and 414 service centres (of which 410 service centres are located within experience
centres) situated across India. With our limited experience selling our EVs through our experience centres, we may
not be successful in attracting and retaining customers. If, for any of these reasons, we are not able to attract and retain
customers, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows would be materially
harmed.

--- Page 40 ---
36
12.
We currently derive our revenue solely from the sale of limited electric vehicle scooter models, if our electric vehicle
scooters are not well-received by the market, our business could be adversely affected.
We commenced delivery of our first EV model, the Ola S1 Pro, in December 2021. This was followed by the delivery
of the Ola S1 in September 2022, the Ola S1 Air in August 2023 and the Ola S1 X+ in December 2023. As of October
31, 2023, the Ola S1 Air offers a lower price point than the Ola S1, which in turn, is priced lower than the Ola S1 Pro.
The Ola S1 X+ offers a lower price point than the Ola S1 Air. On August 15, 2023, we announced our new EV scooter
models, the Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and Ola S1 X (3 kWh). These two models are priced lower than the Ola S1 Air to target
the mass market. We plan to commence delivery of the Ola S1 X (2 kWh) and the Ola S1 X (3 kWh) by the first half
of Fiscal 2025.
For the foreseeable future, we will be dependent on revenue generated from the sale of our EV scooters, which we
currently produce in a limited number of models. We believe that automobile customers have come to expect
manufacturers to offer a variety of vehicle models and introduce new and improved vehicle models on a regular basis.
Given our dependence on sales of our EV scooters for the foreseeable future, if a particular scooter model is not well-
received by the market, our sales volume, business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows
could be materially and adversely affected.
13.
Inadequate access to public charger guns for consumers could materially and adversely affect demand for our
electric vehicles.
Demand for our EVs will depend in part upon the availability of a public charging infrastructure, as EV users must rely
on public charging infrastructure to charge their vehicles while travelling. The establishment of our charging
infrastructure requires significant capital expenditure. As of October 31, 2023, the cost of one hyper charger unit
(comprising two hyper charger guns) is ₹0.58 million, exclusive of setup cost.
According to the Redseer report, charger gun locations in India are significantly less widespread than fuel pumps. This
may deter some potential customers from purchasing our EVs. Although we intend to expand our charging network
across India in the near-term to address customer concerns, we may face delays in the expansion of our network or fail to
find prime locations on which to situate our EV charger guns. Our ability to provide our customers with access to
sufficient charging infrastructure will depend on our ability to successfully integrate our EV charger guns with fuel
stations, situate our charger guns in office complexes, malls, educational institutes and other high-density areas and
partner with third party charging service providers. Additionally, the successful establishment of our charger guns
depends upon the receipt of necessary government approvals, the criteria for which varies by state and location. For
example, to set up a charger gun at fuel stations, the oil marketing companies with which our Company has agreements
in place for the set up of charger guns have to obtain approvals to set up such charger guns. The cost of setting up
charger guns in each location also differs depending on the applicable electricity charge for such location.
Any failure of our charging infrastructure, including quality of experience, could impact the demand for our EVs. For
example, where charger guns exist, the number of EVs could oversaturate the available charger guns, leading to
increased wait times and dissatisfaction for customers. In addition, given our limited experience in providing charging
solutions, there could be unanticipated challenges, which may hinder our ability to provide our charging solutions or
make the provision of our charging solutions costlier than anticipated. Our customers are able to charge their Ola EV
scooters at our standard and hyper charger guns for free until December 31, 2023, after which, we may charge for such
services. Such policy change could result in customer dissatisfaction and deter some customers from purchasing our
scooters.
Further, we may face competition from other players establishing their EV charging infrastructure. If the connector
type in such charger guns matches our EVs and is able to connect with our inbuilt OS, our customers may opt to use
charging infrastructure installed by other EV players. To the extent we are unable to meet customer expectations or
experience difficulties in providing our charging solutions, our reputation and business, prospects, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. For further details on our charging
infrastructure, please refer to “Our Business – Ownership – Charging Network” on page 181.
14.
Technology is critical to our business operations and growth prospects. Any failure in our technology, including
errors, bugs, vulnerabilities or design defects, or any failure on our part to address such issues or improve or
effectively utilize our technology could cause delays in the launch of our electric vehicles and harm our business
operations, reputation and growth prospects.
Technology is at the core of our business model. Our technology platform consists of two key interconnected elements:
(a) EV technology, which includes hardware and software components that power our EV scooters and (b) MoveOS,
our modular, scalable software architecture that powers our EV scooter and product features. Our EV scooters depend
on the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process and manage immense amounts of data. We have
internally designed most of our hardware and software, primarily comprising our MoveOS operating system, cells,
electric powertrain, which includes a modular battery pack with BMS and a motor, and power electrics module. Our
EVs rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex and may require modification and updates

--- Page 41 ---
37
over the life of the EVs. For example, our EV scooters are designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install
periodic remote updates from us to improve or update the functionality of our EV scooters. Our technology cost for
the three-months period ended June 30, 2023 and for Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 are shown below.
Amount in ₹ million except percentage values
Costs
% of revenue from operations
Three-
months
period
ended
June 30,
2023
Fiscal
2023
Fiscal
2022
Fiscal
2021
Three-
months
period
ended
June 30,
2023
Fiscal
2023
Fiscal
2022
Fiscal
2021(1)
Technology Cost
310.67
988.30
373.44
94.31
2.50%
3.76%
10.00%
1,091.55
%
Note:
We commenced delivery of our first EV model in December 2021 and started recognizing revenue from sales of vehicles in Fiscal 2022. In Fiscal
2021, we had revenue from operations of ₹ 8.64 million in relation to battery swapping services provided to EV owners in Fiscal 2021.
Our technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among others, fire, natural disasters, power
loss, telecommunications failures, errors, glitches, bugs, vulnerabilities or design defects, which could result in service
interruptions or system failures, and our systems are subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our
ability to meet our objectives. We have experienced minor hardware failures in the past (although none have materially
affected our operations) and hardware failures may occur in the future. Such issues may be difficult to detect and may
only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. Although we will attempt to remedy
any issues we observe in our EVs effectively and rapidly, such efforts may not be timely, may hamper production or
may not be to the satisfaction of our customers. In the event that our technology systems are unable to handle the
additional business volume, our service capabilities, operating efficiency and future business volume may decline.
While we have designed, implemented and tested security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our
information technology networks, our EVs, and their systems and have not experienced any such attacks in the past,
hackers may in the future attempt to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter, and use our networks, EVs, and systems
to gain control of, or to change, our EVs’ functionality, customer interface, and performance characteristics, carry out
computer denial of service attacks, or gain access to data stored in or generated by the EVs. Vulnerabilities could be
identified in the future and our remediation efforts may not be successful. Any unauthorized access to or control of
our EVs or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings against us. Our data centres are
also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions caused by
earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires and other natural disasters, power losses, and disruptions in telecommunications
services. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all
eventualities. Any problems at our data centres could result in lengthy interruptions in our service.
Furthermore, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our EVs, their systems, or data, as well as
other factors that may result in the perception that our EVs, their systems, or data are capable of being “hacked,” could
negatively affect our brand and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
To remain competitive, we must enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our customer
interfaces, including our mobile application and MoveOS, our proprietary operating system that connects EV
components and powers our EVs. For further details on MoveOS, other technological features and software launches,
please refer to “Our Business – Business Description – Our Products – Our Technology – Operating System” on page
172.
If we deploy software update (whether to address issues, deliver new features or make desired modifications) and our
over-the-air update procedures fail to properly update the software or otherwise have unintended consequences to the
software, the software within our customers’ EVs will be subject to vulnerabilities or unintended consequences
resulting from such failure of the over-the-air update until properly addressed. If we are unable to prevent or effectively
remedy such software and hardware issues, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows could be adversely affected. Even if we are able to integrate new technology into our EVs, our existing models
could become obsolete quicker than expected. If we are unable to adapt in a cost-effective and timely manner in
response to changing market conditions or customer preferences, whether for technical, legal, financial or other
reasons, we may be at a disadvantage as compared to our competitors and our business may be materially and adversely
affected.

--- Page 42 ---
38
15.
Our electric vehicles make use of lithium-ion cells, and if such cells catch fire or vent smoke and flames, we could
be subject to adverse publicity and our brand, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
could be harmed.
The battery packs that we manufacture use lithium-ion cells, which we purchase from third-party suppliers. Lithium-
ion cells have been known to occasionally release energy by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite
nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells, thereby causing explosion or fire.
For instance, on March 26, 2022, one of our Ola S1 Pro scooters caught on fire in Pune, Maharashtra, India
(“Incident”). We received a show cause notice (“Notice”) from the Joint Secretary to the Government of India,
Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MVL Section) (“Authority”) on May 31, 2022, for initiation of
proceedings under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, stating that the cells used in the Ola S1 Pro failed the nail penetration
test conducted at the Naval Science Technological Laboratory, Vishakhapatnam by the Centre for Fire, Explosive and
Environment Safety, Defence Research and Development Organization (“Testing Authority”) and that the cell was
not sorted by capacity. We subsequently filed our response to the Notice on June 30, 2022, submitting that the Notice
and any further proceedings arising out of the Notice should be dropped on inter alia the following grounds, (a) the
Incident was an isolated incident and such an occurrence should not be treated as a defect in the entire class of Ola S1
Pro; (b) the collection and testing of samples by the Testing Authority was not done in accordance with the Central
Motor Vehicles Rules, 1988 (“CMVR”); (c) the nail penetration test is not a mandatory test for compliance standards;
(d) there is no mandatory legal requirement for sorting cells by capacity; and (e) the grounds for issuing a show cause
notice under CMVR were not fulfilled. However, the Authority imposed a penalty of ₹ 1,500,000, vide notice dated
September 30, 2022, which we have paid.
We have also tested the batteries and subjected them to, among other things, over temperature protection, mechanical
drop testing and extreme vibration testing. Our battery systems comply with and are tested for AIS 156, the latest
proposed standard for India by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, in addition to being compliant with the
European standard United Nations Economic Commission for Europe Regulation No.136. Nonetheless, our EVs or
their battery packs may still experience failure, which could subject us to lawsuits, product recalls, or redesign efforts,
all of which would be time consuming and expensive. We may also become subject to product liability claims which
could require us to pay substantial monetary compensation and our insurance coverage might not be sufficient to cover
all such potential product liability claims. This in turn could affect our business and financial condition. In addition,
negative public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for automotive use or any future incident
involving lithium-ion cells such as an EV catching on fire or other fire-related incidents not involving our EVs, could
seriously harm our business.
In addition, we store the lithium-ion cells at our facilities. While we have implemented safety procedures related to
the handling of the cells, any mishandling of cells could lead to a safety issue or a fire which could disrupt our
operations. Such damage or injury could lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety recall. Moreover, any failure
of a competitor’s EV or energy storage product may cause indirect adverse publicity for us and our products. Such
adverse publicity could negatively affect our brand and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects.
16.
Our distribution model is different from the predominant current distribution model for automobile manufacturers,
which makes evaluating our business, operating results and future prospects difficult.
We plan to continue selling our EVs online through our Ola Electric website, which customers can also access at our
experience centres. According to the Redseer Report, an internet-led distribution model is relatively new and unproven
in India’s automobile industry as of September 30, 2023. To date we act as both EV manufacturer and dealer in India.
As of October 31, 2023, we had 935 experience centres in India, the majority of which have been open for less than
one year. We have limited experience distributing and selling our EV scooters through our experience centres. Prior
to June 2023, our selling and distribution expenses comprised a fee we paid to our affiliate, Ola Fleet Technologies
Private Limited, in relation to the operation of our experience centres and service centres. Starting on July 1, 2023, we
assumed control of the operation of our experience centres and service centres and will not be required to pay any
selling and distribution fees. Further, we aim to continue expanding our network of experience centres within India
across both rural and urban areas to deepen our penetration in India. Such expansion will require significant
investments. We face the risk that the expansion of our experience centres may not lead to a commensurate increase
in sales of our EVs thus adversely affecting our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows.
Implementing our distribution model is subject to numerous significant challenges, including obtaining permits and
approvals from local and state authorities and leasing adequate space to launch new experience centres. Inadequate
sales and service performance could negatively impact our reputation and brand. Failure to deliver a superior sales
service through our experience centres could weaken our competitive advantage, potentially impacting our business

--- Page 43 ---
39
and financial performance.
As part of our longer-term global activities, we may engage with third-party dealers and distributors, whom we do not
control and who could therefore take actions that may have a material adverse impact on our reputation and business.
We cannot assure you that we will not be held liable for any activities undertaken by such third parties. Any failure to
successfully address any of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties related to our business model would have a material
adverse effect on our business and prospects.
17.
We may not succeed in continuing to establish, maintain and strengthen the Ola brand and our reputation and
brand could be harmed by complaints and negative publicity which could materially and adversely affect customer
acceptance of our electric vehicles and our business revenue and prospects.
Our business and prospects depend on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the Ola brand which depends
heavily on the success of our marketing efforts, in which we have limited experience as we have relied primarily on
the internet, targeted push notification advertisements promoting our EVs on the Ola Cabs app and word of mouth. To
further promote our brand, we may be required to change our marketing practices, which could result in substantially
increased advertising expenses, including the need to use traditional media such as television, radio and print. Many
of our current and potential competitors, particularly automobile manufacturers headquartered in India, the US and
Europe have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, broader customer relationships and substantially
greater marketing resources than we do.
Furthermore, our reputation and brand are vulnerable to many threats that can be difficult or impossible to predict or
control, and costly or unfeasible to remediate. Since we are a consumer facing brand, and particularly given the
popularity of social media, any negative publicity about us, such as complaints by our customers or reviews that
compare us unfavourably to competitors, alleged misconduct, unethical business practices, safety breaches, or other
improper activities, or rumours relating to our business, directors, officers, employees, or shareholders, can harm our
reputation, business, and results of operations. These allegations, even if unproven, may lead to inquiries,
investigations, or other legal actions against us by regulatory or government authorities as well as private parties and
could cause us to incur significant costs to defend ourselves. Any negative market perception or publicity regarding
our suppliers or other business partners that we closely cooperate with, or any regulatory inquiries or investigations
and lawsuits initiated against them, may also have an impact on our brand and reputation, or subject us to regulatory
inquiries or investigations or lawsuits. Further, perceived or actual concerns on battery deterioration that are often
associated with EVs could also negatively impact customer confidence in EVs and our EVs in particular.
We license the Ola brand name from ANI Technologies Private Limited, and we share the Ola brand name with the
separate business that operates under the name “Ola Cabs.” Ola Cabs is a brand with strong visibility and a large
consumer base. Any negative publicity surrounding Ola Cabs could also adversely affect our brand and reputation.
Pursuant to complaints received by IFCI Limited against our Material Subsidiary, OET, it has been alleged, among
others, that we had mispriced the ex-factory price of our EV scooters, in order to avail subsidies under the FAME
phase II scheme, by selling chargers and intrinsic software separately from the EV scooter and importing parts directly
and indirectly through various domestic supply companies. We have further received show cause notice from IFCI
Limited dated March 29, 2023 for non-compliance of our phased manufacturing program/FAME phase II scheme’s
eligibility criteria with respect to non-inclusion of on-board chargers in the EVs, and subsidy claims for FAME II
approved models were put on hold until compliance with FAME-II eligibility criteria was established. Thereafter, in
order to comply with the FAME phase II scheme’s eligibility criteria, on May 3, 2023, our Material Subsidiary
undertook to refund to customers who had bought the off-board chargers as an accessory when purchasing Ola S1 Pro
scooters and then added the off-board charger as part of the ex-factory EV scooter price from March 31, 2023 onwards
(“FAME Complaints”). We are processing the refunds to eligible customers who had bought an Ola S1 Pro scooter
and charger prior to March 31, 2023 and have recorded refund obligations towards customers in the amount of ₹
1,421.31 million as of June 30, 2023. As of October 31, 2023, we have processed refunds to more than 90% of eligible
customers.
Negative media publicity generated due to such complaints and any negative media publicity about the auto industry,
especially the EV industry, or product or service quality problems (specifically in relation to the FAME Complaint)
of other automakers in the industry in which we operate, including our competitors, may also negatively impact our
reputation and brand. If we are unable to maintain a good reputation or further enhance our brand recognition, our
ability to attract and retain a critical mass of customers, third-party partners, and key employees could be harmed and,
as a result, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
18.
Customers may cancel their pre-orders or orders for our electric vehicles despite their deposit payment and online
confirmation, thus harming our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
Customer pre-orders and orders of our EVs may not result in the actual purchase of the EV. During a window of one
to two months after a product announcement, our customers may place a pre-order for the newly announced product
by paying a pre-order deposit. The pre-order deposit for the Ola S1 Pro and the Ola S1 was ₹ 499 per vehicle, while

--- Page 44 ---
40
the pre-order deposit for the Ola S1 Air and Ola S1 X+ was ₹ 999. We require a pre-order deposit of ₹ 999 for the Ola
S1 X (2 kWh) and Ola S1 X (3 kWh). After the pre-order period closes, customers who have placed a pre-order will
be required to pay the remaining balance to confirm their order and customers who wish to order the vehicle are
required to pay in full. Nonetheless, up until the time the pre-ordered scooter is shipped from the Ola Futurefactory,
our customers may terminate their orders or pre-orders and receive a full refund on the amount paid. Refunds are
typically processed within seven to 10 business days. We experience a higher rate of cancellations on pre-orders than
on confirmed orders for which customers have paid in full. From October 2022 to May 2023, 6% to 9% of our fully
paid and confirmed orders for our Ola S1s and Ola S1 Pros were cancelled.
Customers may cancel their pre-orders or orders for reasons beyond our control, such as changes in their preferences,
their perception of the quality of our EVs and their financial situation. Further, the wait period from order confirmation
to delivery is generally between 15 to 20 days, which may impact customer purchase decisions. If we encounter delays
in the deliveries of our EV scooters or future EV models, a significant number of orders may be cancelled. We may,
in the future, also experience a higher level of customer cancellations, such as due to changes in government incentive
schemes. For example, in June 2023, the reduction of the FAME subsidy resulted in a spike in EV scooter cancellations
to 24%. The cancellation of a fully paid and confirmed pre-order or order would cause a larger outflow of funds than
the cancellation of a pre-order for which the customer has placed a nominal deposit, resulting in a greater impact on
our results of operations. Such occurrences could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.
19.
Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and
we have not entered into any definitive arrangements to utilize certain portions of the Net Proceeds of the Offer.
Other than the D&B report, the objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution, and
our funding requirement is based management estimates, current circumstances of our business and prevailing market
conditions, which are subject to changes in external factors, such as financial and market conditions, market feedback
and demand of our products, competition, business strategy and interest/exchange rate fluctuations, which may not be
within the control of our management. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our
business plan and/or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also
change. Such internal estimates may differ from the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals,
which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our expenditure, subject to applicable laws. In case of increase in
actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by any means
available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/or debt arrangements, and may have an adverse
impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Accordingly, investors in our Equity
Shares will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the Net Proceeds.
Further, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act and other applicable law, any variation in the Objects of the
Offer would require a special resolution of the shareholders and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be
required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects of
the Offer, at such price and in such manner in accordance with applicable law.
Our Company, in accordance with the applicable law and to attain the objects set out above, will have the flexibility
to deploy the Net Proceeds. Pending utilization of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described above, our Company
may temporarily deposit the Net Proceeds within one or more scheduled commercial banks included in the Second
Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as may be approved by our Board. We will appoint a Monitoring Agency
for monitoring the utilization of Net Proceeds in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and
the Monitoring Agency will submit its report to us on a quarterly basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
20.
We intend to utilize ₹ 12,264.27 million of the Net Proceeds to fund our capital expenditure requirements to expand
the Ola Gigafactory’s manufacturing capacity. We have relied on the quotations received from third parties in
estimating such capital expenditure requirements and such project has not been appraised by any bank or financial
institution or any other independent agency.
We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Offer for the purposes described in the section titled “Objects of the Offer”
on page 97. The objects of the Offer comprise (i) capital expenditure to be incurred by our Subsidiary, OCT, for the
expansion of our cell manufacturing capacity at the Ola Gigafactory from 5 GWh to 6.4 GWh, (ii) repayment or pre-
payment, in full or in part, of indebtedness incurred by OET, (iii) investment into research and product development,
(iv) organic growth initiatives and (v) general corporate purposes.
In relation to the capacity expansion of the Ola Gigafactory, we estimate the total cost of such project to be ₹ 12,264.27
million and have relied on the ‘Project Cost Vetting Report’ provided by Dun & Bradstreet dated December 21, 2023
(“D&B Report”). We have yet to place any orders for plants or machineries in relation to such project, and there is
no assurance that we will be able to place such orders in a timely manner or at all. We have not entered into any
definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this project and have relied on the quotations received from third
parties to estimate the project cost. Most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject
to revisions and other commercial and technical factors. Additionally, in the event of any delay in placement of orders

--- Page 45 ---
41
for plants or machineries, the proposed schedule, implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended
or may vary accordingly. We cannot assure you that the actual costs incurred in relation to this project will be similar
to and not exceed the amounts indicated in the third party quotations. For details, see “Objects of the Offer” on page
97.
21.
Our warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims, which could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations.
We offer a three-year/40,000 km warranty on our scooters and a three-year/unlimited km warranty on battery packs,
with extended warranty options available for up to five years/60,000 km for a fee of ₹ 6,999 for the battery only and
₹ 8,999 for a comprehensive coverage of the battery, charger, motor and head unit (inclusive of GST). Our warranty
program is intended to cover all parts and labour costs to repair defects in manufacturing and workmanship. Since
commencing delivery of our first EV model in December 2021, we have made provisions for warranties, which
amounted to ₹ 681.56 million, ₹ 446.73 million and ₹ 128.54 million as of June 30, 2023, March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022, respectively.
As we commenced the delivery of our EV scooters only in December 2021, we have yet to complete a full warranty
cycle in respect of our EVs. We have a limited operating history in terms of responding to warranty claims and have
experienced a very limited number of warranty claims relating to our EV scooters to date. Therefore, we have a limited
basis upon which to estimate our future expenses related to warranty claims and the appropriate level of warranty
provisions that we should maintain. We could, in the future, become subject to warranty claims, resulting in significant
expenses, which would in turn materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects. In addition, if we are able to increase our sales volumes and expand our product line, in line with our
business strategy, we could experience an increase in the number of warranty claims and be required to increase our
warranty provisions.
We monitor and adjust warranty provisions based on changes in our actual and estimated future warranty costs. We
cannot assure you that costs associated with warranty claims will not adversely affect our results of operations in the
future or that our warranty provisions will be sufficient to cover all future warranty claims. For details on our provision
for warranties please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations – Our Business Model – Expenses – Other Expenses” on page 311.
22.
There have been certain delays in reporting matters relating to downstream investments by our Subsidiaries, OEC,
OCT and OET, and options granted to non-resident director by our Company as required under the Foreign
Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 (“NDI Rules”) in the past. Further, we cannot assure
you that the compounding application filed in relation to delayed filing of Form ESOP with the RBI in this regard
will be resolved in our favour. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties fees for such
non-compliance which may adversely impact our financial condition.
Our Company, being a foreign owned and controlled company under the relevant FEMA regulations, had undertaken
downstream investments in our Subsidiaries, namely, OEC, OCT and OET, and such Subsidiaries were required to
file Form DI for such downstream investments undertaken between Financial Year 2021 to Financial Year 2024, within
30 days of each such downstream investment, which was not filed by the respective Subsidiaries within the required
timelines. The respective Subsidiaries have filed such reports and paid the late submission fees with the RBI for the
reporting delay.
Additionally, our Company granted certain options to one of the non-resident Directors of our Company under the
ESOP Scheme. However, the Form ESOP, a form that is required to be filed upon the issuance of employee stock
options by an Indian company to an employee resident outside of India, in respect of such grants, was not filed with
RBI within the required timelines. While such options vested on February 26, 2021, no allotments have been made
pursuant to the aforesaid options as of October 31, 2023. Our Company had filed a compounding application dated
August 11, 2023 before the General Manager, RBI in relation to the delay in filing the Form ESOP (“Compounding
Application”). As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the Compounding Application is pending approval
from RBI. If the Compounding Application is allowed, we cannot assure you that the penalty/ compounding fees
imposed will be reasonable and that it will not have material adverse effect on our financial condition, our business or
our reputation. We also cannot assure you that any other regulatory action will not be initiated against our Company
in this regard.
23.
We will require a significant amount of capital which we may be unable to obtain on favourable terms or at all. In
addition, our future capital needs may require us to obtain additional loans and borrowings or issue additional
equity or debt securities that may contain restrictive covenants that limit our operations or our ability to pay
dividends, or in the case of an issuance of securities, dilute our shareholders.
We will need significant capital to expand the manufacturing capacity of our Ola Gigafactory, repay or prepay working
capital borrowings, invest in E2W product development, and fund organic growth initiatives and general corporate
purposes.

--- Page 46 ---
42
We may, either ourselves or through our Subsidiaries, seek equity or debt financing to finance a portion of our capital
expenditures or refinance our debt. Such financing might not be available to us in a timely manner or commercially
acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to obtain the necessary financing is subject to a number of factors, including
general market conditions, business performance and investor acceptance of our business plan. These factors may
make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. If we are unable to
raise sufficient funds, we will have to significantly reduce our spending, delay or cancel our planned activities. We
might not be able to obtain any funding or service any of the debts we incurred, which could mean that we would be
forced to curtail or discontinue our operations thus causing our business, financial condition and prospects to be
materially and adversely affected.
In addition, our future capital needs and other business reasons may require us to issue additional equity or debt
securities (including convertible debt securities) or obtain a credit facility. The issuance of additional equity securities
or debt securities convertible into equity could dilute our shareholders’ shareholding. The incurrence of indebtedness
would require us to use a portion of our future cash flows from operations to pay interest and principal on our
indebtedness, thereby resulting in an increase in debt service obligations and may contain operating and financing
covenants that would restrict our operations, limit our ability to implement our business strategy, heighten our
vulnerability to downturns in our business, the industry, or in the general economy, prevent us from taking advantage
of business opportunities as they arise, or prevent us from being able to pay dividends to our shareholders.
As of October 31, 2023, except for the outstanding borrowings of our Material Subsidiary, OET, there are no
outstanding borrowings of our Company or any of our other Subsidiaries. As of October 31, 2023, OET had
outstanding borrowings of ₹ 17,688.17 million. OET’s financing arrangements include conditions that require it to
obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Failure
to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on its business and operations.
These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions
negotiated under each financing agreement. Certain of the corporate actions that require prior consent from or prior
intimation to certain lenders of OET include, amongst others:
a)
Change in the ownership, management or control of OET;
b)
Change in the general nature of the business of OET;
c)
Entry into any scheme of merger, de-merger, amalgamation, or undertake a buyback;
d)
Creation of security interest on the assets of OET, except as permitted by the lender;
e)
Disposal of assets other than those permitted by the lender.
For the purpose of the Offer, the intimations to the lenders of OET as required under the relevant loan documents for
undertaking activities relating to the Offer have been made. A failure to observe the covenants under the financing
arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of OET’s credit facilities, acceleration of
amounts due under such facilities, suspension of further access/withdrawals, either in whole or in part, for the use of
the facility and/or restructuring of OET’s debt. Further, since our Company has provided a corporate guarantee for
loans availed by OET, any event of default by OET under its respective financing arrangements, will trigger our
Company’s obligation to repay the loan amount.
Additionally, our Promoter, Bhavish Aggarwal has provided an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking for one of
the loans availed by OET, a breach of which will constitute an event of default under the relevant financing agreement.
24.
The range of our electric vehicles on a single charge declines over time which may negatively influence potential
customers’ decisions whether to purchase our electric vehicles.
The range of our EVs on a single charge declines principally as a function of usage, time, and charging patterns. In
addition, as each individual customer will use our EV in a different manner and for a different duration of time, the
performance of the batteries in their EVs may vary and may decline at a faster rate than the manufacturer’s estimate.
For example, a customer’s use of their EV as well as the frequency with which they charge the battery of their EV can
result in additional deterioration of the battery’s ability to hold a charge. However, since we only commenced delivery
of our first scooter model, the Ola S1 Pro, in December 2021, we are unable to accurately assess the actual deterioration
of battery life in the long term. Such battery deterioration and the related decrease in range may negatively influence
potential customer decisions whether to purchase our EVs, which may harm our ability to market and sell our EVs.
25.
If electric vehicle owners customize our electric vehicles or change the charging infrastructure with aftermarket
products, the electric vehicle may not operate properly which could harm our business.
Customers may seek to alter our EVs to modify their performance which could compromise EV safety and security
systems. Also, customers may customize their EVs with aftermarket parts that can compromise driver safety. We do

--- Page 47 ---
43
not test, nor do we endorse, such changes or products. In addition, customers may attempt to modify our EVs’ charging
systems or use improper external cabling or unsafe charging outlets that can compromise the EV systems or expose
our customers to injury from high voltage electricity. Such unauthorized modifications could reduce the safety and
security of our EVs and any injuries resulting from such modifications could result in adverse publicity, which would
negatively affect our brand and thus harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.
26.
Our electric vehicles are subject to motor vehicle standards as laid down by the Automotive Research Association
of India and any changes in such standards or failure to satisfy such standards could materially and adversely
affect our business and results of operations.
Our EVs must meet or exceed all mandated safety standards in India as laid down by the ARAI. For issuance of the
certificate of compliance with Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, the ARAI tests compliance with safety standards
of components under Rule 124 of the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, such as automobile lamps, indicators,
signalling/ lighting devices, wheel rims, spray suppression, horn, tyre, bulb and retro reflectors. If we are unable to
meet the homologation criteria as laid down by the ARAI, our EVs will not be considered roadworthy and thus will
not be allowed to launch to the public. Further, in the event that our certification fails to be renewed upon expiry, a
certified EV has a defect resulting in quality or safety accidents, or consistent failure of certified EVs to comply with
certification requirements is discovered during follow-up inspections, the certification may be suspended or even
revoked. With effect from the date of revocation or during suspension of the certification, any EV that fails to satisfy
the requirements for certification may not continue to be delivered, sold, imported, or used in any commercial activity.
Failure by us to satisfy motor vehicle standards would materially and adversely affect our business and results of
operations.
27.
We are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs
upon us.
Our production facilities are subject to a wide range of increasingly strict environmental, health and safety
requirements. These requirements address, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, releases into the
environment, human exposure to hazardous materials, the storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of wastes and
hazardous materials, the investigation and clean-up of contamination, process safety, and the maintenance of health
and safety conditions in the workplace. Furthermore, many of our operations require permits and controls to monitor
or reduce pollution. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, substantial ongoing capital and operating
expenditures to ensure compliance with current and future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or
their more stringent enforcement. Violations of such laws and regulations could result in the imposition of significant
fines and penalties, the suspension, revocation or non-renewal of our permits, production delays or limitations,
imposition of terms of imprisonment, or the closure of our plants. Other environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations could impose restrictions or onerous conditions on the availability or the use of raw materials we need for
our manufacturing processes. Our manufacturing units must ensure compliance with various environmental statutes,
including, in India, the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1974, the Air (Prevention and Control of
Pollution) Act 1981, the Environment Protection Act 1986 and the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and
Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016, the Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022, as well as the rules and
regulations implemented under such legislation. We are also required to comply with applicable battery disposal
regulations and may face issues with the disposal and recycling of our lithium-ion cells and battery modules.
Furthermore, in terms of the Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022, specifically, in relation to EV batteries, a
producer has the obligation of extended producer responsibility for the batteries they introduce into the market, to
ensure the attainment of the recycling or refurbishing obligations. We have a tie up with a third-party service provider
to collect our battery waste and are planning to enter into tie ups with various state battery waste collectors across
India. For further details in connection with the applicable regulatory and legal framework within which we operate,
see “Key Regulations and Policies” beginning on page 189.
28.
We may be unable to renew our existing leases or secure new leases for our existing manufacturing facilities and
offices.
Our registered Office, corporate Office, other offices, manufacturing facilities, and experience centres in India are
located on leased properties. Certain of the lease deeds for the properties in which our offices and facilities are located
may have expired or may not be adequately stamped or registered. While we renew these lease agreements and deeds
periodically in the ordinary course of business, in the event that these existing leases are terminated or they are not
renewed on commercially acceptable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations. If alternative premises are
not available at the same or similar costs, sizes or locations, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results
of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, any regulatory non-compliance by the landlords or adverse
development relating to the landlords’ title or ownership rights to such properties, including as a result of any non-
compliance by the landlords, may entail significant disruptions to our operations, especially if we are forced to vacate
leased spaces following any such developments, and expose us to reputational risks. If our sales do not increase in line
with our rent and costs, including setup and interior design costs, our profitability, cash flows and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

--- Page 48 ---
44
Additionally, the lease deed entered between the SIPCOT and our Material Subsidiary, OET, requires prior consent of
SIPCOT for inter alia the following:
(i)
A change in constitution of OET;
(ii)
A change in management of OET, including, a change in the proprietorship of OET; and
(iii)
A change in the shareholding pattern of OET inter alia due to induction of shareholders and where more than
50% of the shareholding is transferred to the new members resulting in a total change or substantial change in
ownership of the existing shareholder.
Additionally, we are also required to reserve 10% of the jobs in the units being established in the SIPCOT Industrial
Park, to the members of the families of landowners from whom such property and land have been acquired for the
SIPCOT Industrial Park, subject to eligibility as per qualifications prescribed and mutually agreed upon by the parties.
Any termination or failure by us to renew the lease agreements in a favourable and timely manner, or at all, or failure
to comply with the conditions specified in the lease agreements, could adversely affect our business, cash flows, results
of operations, and financial condition.
29.
There are pending litigations against our Company, Promoter, Subsidiaries, and certain of our Directors. Any
adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our
business, cash flows and reputation.
As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company,
Promoter, Subsidiaries and certain of our Directors. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication
before various courts, tribunals, enquiry officers and appellate tribunals.
We may in the future be, implicated in lawsuits including lawsuits and arbitrations involving compensation for loss
due to various reasons including tax matters, civil disputes, labour and service matters, statutory notices, regulatory
petitions and other matters. Litigation or arbitration could result in substantial costs to, and a diversion of effort by, us
and/or subject us to significant liabilities to third parties.
We cannot provide any assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Any adverse decision
may have a significant effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of our Company,
delay in implementation of our current or future projects and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the
results of such legal proceedings will not materially harm our business, reputation or standing in the marketplace or
that we will be able to recover any losses incurred from third parties, regardless of whether we are at fault. Even if we
are successful in defending such cases, we may be subject to legal and other costs incurred pursuant to defending such
litigation, and such costs may be substantial and not recoverable. There can be no assurance that losses relating to
litigation or arbitration will be covered by insurance or that any such losses would not have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
A summary of the nature and number of outstanding material litigation as on the date of this Draft Red Herring
Prospectus, as decided by our Board and further detailed in “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on
page 339, involving our Company, Promoter, Subsidiaries and certain of our Directors, along with the amount
involved, to the extent quantifiable, has been set out below:
Name of entity
Criminal
proceedings
Tax
proceedings
Statutory or
regulatory
proceedings
Disciplinary actions
by the SEBI or Stock
Exchanges against
our Promoter
Material civil
litigations
Aggregate
amount
involved
(in ₹ million)^
Company
By our Company
Nil
-
-
-
Nil
Nil
Against our Company
Nil
1
Nil
-
Nil*
Nil
Directors
By our Directors$
Nil
-
-
-
Nil
Nil
Against our Directors$
5
1
Nil
-
Nil
30.61
Promoter
By our Promoter
1
-
-
-
Nil
Nil
Against our Promoter
1
Nil
1
Nil
Nil
Nil
Subsidiaries
By Subsidiaries
Nil
-
-
-
Nil
Nil
Against Subsidiaries
Nil
Nil
Nil
-
Nil*
Nil
^
to the extent quantifiable.
*
This does not include the consolidated disclosure for consumer cases disclosed in “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation
involving our Company – Litigation against our Company – Other Matters” on page 340, as these are not material civil litigation.
$
Excludes litigations involving our Promoter.

--- Page 49 ---
45
Further, there is no pending litigation involving our Group Companies which may have a material impact on our
Company. In relation to such outstanding litigation matters involving our Company, Promoter, Subsidiaries and
Directors, while the amounts and interests levied thereon to the extent ascertainable and involved in these matters have
been mentioned above, the amounts and interests involved in certain pending litigations are not ascertainable or
quantifiable and are hence not disclosed. We cannot assure you that any of these proceedings will be decided in favour
of our Company, Promoter, Subsidiaries and Directors, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings.
30.
If we have contingent liabilities in the future, and they materialize, it may affect our results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows.
As of June 30, 2023 and March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, we had no contingent liabilities, as per
Ind AS 37. The following table sets forth details of our contingent liabilities, capital commitments and guarantees as
of June 30, 2023 as per the Restated Consolidated Financial Information.
Particulars
As of June 30, 2023
(in ₹ million)
Contingent liabilities
―
Capital Commitments
(i) Capital commitments
7,823.26
Estimated amount remaining to be executed on account of
capital contracts (Net of advances)(1)
(ii) Other commitments (in relation to government incentive)
―
Guarantees
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited(2)
16,089.43
Notes:
(1)
The remaining balance required to be paid under pending purchase orders.
(2)
Our Company has issued corporate guarantees, in favour of the banks / lenders on behalf of its subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies
Private Limited, for the purposes of working capital and other general corporate purposes.
Our future contingent liabilities (if any) may crystallize and become actual liabilities. In the event that any of our future
contingent liabilities become non-contingent, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations
may be adversely affected.
31.
Breaches in data security, failure of information security systems and privacy concerns could adversely impact our
financial condition, subject us to penalties, damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business, prospects,
results of operations and cash flows.
We expect to face significant challenges with respect to information security and privacy, including in relation to the
collection, storage, transmission and sharing of personal and sensitive information of our employees and customers,
including names, accounts, customer IDs and passwords, EV information, and payment or transaction related
information. Though we do not believe we experienced any losses or any sensitive or material information was
compromised, we are unable to determine conclusively that this is the case. We have implemented remedial measures
in response to such potential incidents. We cannot guarantee that such measures will prevent all incidents in the future.
We may face difficulties or delays in identifying or otherwise responding to any attacks or actual or potential security
breaches or threats. A breach in our data security could create system disruptions or slowdowns and provide malicious
parties with access to information including information on our product lines and EVs stored on our networks, resulting
in data being publicly disclosed, altered, lost, or stolen, which could subject us to liability and adversely impact our
financial condition. Such access could adversely impact the safety of our employees and customers.
Further, we also face risks relating to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection,
storage, use, sharing, disclosure, protection and security of personal information, as well as requests from regulatory
and government authorities relating to such data. These laws, rules, and regulations evolve frequently, and their scope
may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in enforcement. In
addition, many laws and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, storage, sharing, use, disclosure, and
protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of enforcement and new and changing interpretations
by courts or regulators. For instance, in order to ensure data privacy, our Company is required to ensure compliance
with the Information Technology Act, 2000 (“IT Act”) and the rules notified thereunder, including the Information
Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011
(“Privacy Rules”), which prescribe, inter alia, directions for the collection, disclosure, transfer and protection of
sensitive personal data. Further, the Government of India recently enacted the Digital Personal Data Protection Act,
2023 (“Data Protection Act”), which received President’s assent on August 11, 2023. The Act shall come into force
on such date as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint and different dates may
be appointed for different provisions of this legislation. The Data Protection Act, when notified, would require data
fiduciaries (persons who alone or in conjunction with other persons determine purpose and means of processing of
personal data), such as us, to implement organizational and technical measures to ensure compliance with obligations
imposed under the Data Protection Act, protect personal data and impose reasonable security safeguards to prevent

--- Page 50 ---
46
breach of personal data and establish mechanism for redressal of grievances of data principals. In case we are notified
as a significant data fiduciary under the Data Protection Act, we may have additional obligations imposed on us.
Overall, changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, particularly any
new or modified laws or regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) adopted by the
European Union (“EU”), or changes to the interpretation or enforcement of such laws or regulations, that require
enhanced protection of certain types of data or new obligations with regard to data retention, transfer, or disclosure,
could require us to modify our existing systems or invest in new technologies to ensure compliance with such
applicable laws, which may require us to incur additional expenses. Any actual, alleged or perceived failure to prevent
a security breach or to comply with our privacy policies or privacy-related legal obligations, failure in our systems or
networks, or any other actual, alleged or perceived data security incident we or our suppliers suffer, could result in
damage to our reputation, negative publicity, loss of customers and sales, loss of competitive advantages over our
competitors, increased costs to remedy any problems and provide any required notifications, including to regulators
and/or individuals, and otherwise respond to any incident, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, costly
litigation such as civil claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation, and other liabilities.
In addition, we may incur significant financial and operational costs to investigate, remediate and implement additional
tools, devices and systems designed to prevent actual or perceived privacy breaches and other privacy incidents, as
well as costs to comply with any notification obligations resulting from any such incidents. Any of these negative
outcomes could adversely impact the market perception of our products and customer and investor confidence in our
company, and would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows.
32.
We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions that may involve conflicts of interest.
We have in the course of our business entered into transactions with related parties. Details of the related party
transactions in the three-months period ended June 30, 2023 and Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively, are set out
below.
(In ₹ million)
Name of related party
Nature of transactions
As at and for the period/ year ended
June 30,
2023
March 31,
2023
March 31,
2022
March 31,
2021
ANI Technologies Private
Limited
Expenses incurred on behalf of
16.58
103.54
65.62
-
Expenses reimbursement to
388.06
1427.72
355.31
49.01
Other financial assets
219.99
200.47
65.62
18.20
Other financial liabilities
1,298.19
908.70
243.09
107.90
Receivable towards security deposit
given
-
-
5.40
5.40
OLA Financial Services
Private Limited
Expenses incurred on behalf of
0.02
0.97
25.60
-
Expenses reimbursement to
10.14
7.09
-
0.20
Other financial assets
507.32
688.31
36.07
0.20
Other financial liabilities
103.72
344.81
-
-
OLA Fleet Technologies
Private Limited
Expenses incurred on behalf of
147.13
354.95
63.71
8.90
Expenses reimbursement to
676.03
1,842.95
137.47
-
Lease rental expense, electricity and
maintenance charges
-
-
40.35
15.95
Other financial assets
492.12
344.92
75.08
8.10
Other financial liabilities
472.14
340.09
157.73
20.80
Sale of goods & services
449.64
1536.91
124.51
-
Purchase of services
647.14
1,824.26
423.20
-
Trade payables
1,180.60
1,002.90
468.70
-
Trade receivables
925.60
842.47
152.20
-
Ola Stores Technologies
Private Limited
Purchase of property, plant and
equipment
-
0.17
-
-
Purchase of raw material and
components
-
0.05
-
-
Ola USA Inc.
Expenses reimbursement to
-
21.15
17.64
27.47
Interest on Loan
0.79
2.84
1.22
1.70
Expenses incurred on behalf of
0.18
-
-
-
Loan received
-
-
17.20
30.07
Other financial liabilities
159.89
160.07
138.92
121.30
Current borrowings
69.16
69.41
65.48
48.30
Interest
payable
on
current
borrowings
7.14
6.36
3.09
1.90
Pisces E Services Private
Limited
Expenses incurred on behalf of
-
1.11
2.20
0.03
Expenses reimbursement to
-
0.22
0.03
-
Other financial assets
3.28
3.28
2.18
-
Other financial liabilities
0.26
0.23
0.06
-
Remuneration
paid
to
Share-based payment
27.15
380.20
258.09
214.00

--- Page 51 ---
47
Name of related party
Nature of transactions
As at and for the period/ year ended
June 30,
2023
March 31,
2023
March 31,
2022
March 31,
2021
directors
&
executive
officers
Short-term employee benefits
10.88
47.42
118.36
45.40
Remuneration
to
non-executive
director
82.60
29.90
-
-
For details of the related party transactions, see “Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Notes forming part
of the Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 35: Related Parties” on page 293.
We have entered into various transactions with ANI Technologies Private Limited (“ANI”) and its subsidiaries such
as: (i) our sub-lease of the Corporate Office and Registered Office from ANI; (ii) our arrangement with ANI for the
sale and advertisement of our EVs on their website and app; (iii) our arrangement with Ola Financial Services Private
Limited, a subsidiary of ANI, for the distribution of insurance policies for our EVs; (iv) services provided by Geospoc
Geospatial Services Private Limited, a subsidiary of ANI, which powers the Ola Maps navigation system on our
MoveOS version 4 platform; and (v) our arrangement with Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited, subsidiary of ANI,
for the provision of packing, warehousing and logistics services in relation to the chargers and accessories that we sell.
If we are unable to continue with such transactions with ANI and its subsidiaries in the future, there may be a negative
impact on our business operations.
While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that
we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. It
is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although related party transactions that we may
enter into post-listing would be subject to the Audit Committee, Board or Shareholder approval, as necessary under
the Companies Act, 2013, and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that our existing agreements and
any such future transactions, will be in the interest of our Company and minority shareholders and in compliance with
the SEBI Listing Regulations and individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. Furthermore, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially
involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to address such conflicts of interest in the future.
33.
Our Promoter, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management have interests in our Company in
addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses.
Our Promoter, certain of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel may be regarded
as having an interest in our Company or having benefits other than the reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal
remuneration or benefits. They may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them as well as
to the extent of any dividends, bonuses, or other distributions on such Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our
Promoter, Directors, our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel will exercise their rights as
shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company under all circumstances. For further details, see “Capital
Structure”, “Our Management – Interests of Directors”, “Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of Promoter
and Common Pursuits” beginning on pages 79, 214 and 225 respectively.
34.
Our Material Subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited has availed loans from banks and other
financial institutions, which may be recalled on demand.
For the three-months period ended June 30, 2023 and for Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 our Material Subsidiary, OET,
have working capital demand loans which are repayable on demand to the relevant lenders (excluding interest accrued)
as shown below:
Amount in ₹ million
% of total loans
Three-
months
period
ended
June
30, 2023
Fiscal
2023
Fiscal
2022
Fiscal
2021
Three-
months
period
ended June
30, 2023
Fiscal 2023
Fiscal 2022
Fiscal 2021
Working Capital
Demand Loan
7,399.98
7,400.00
2,000.00
326.12
45.78%
44.96%
26.65%
83.90%
These loans are not repayable in accordance with any agreed repayment schedule and may be recalled by the relevant
lender at any time. In such cases, we may be required to repay the entirety of such loans together with accrued interest.
We may not be able to generate sufficient funds at short notice to be able to repay such loans and may resort to
refinancing such loans at a higher rate of interest and on terms not favourable to it. Failure to repay such loans in a
timely manner may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operation financial condition and cash
flow of OET. For further details of such loans, please refer the section titled “Financial Indebtedness” beginning on

--- Page 52 ---
48
page 336 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.
Further, some of our existing indebtedness and indebtedness we incur in the future may accrue interest at variable
rates. As a result, our variable rate debt obligations could be higher or lower than current levels. If interest rates
increase, our debt service obligations on our existing or any future variable rate indebtedness would increase even
though the amount borrowed would remain the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for
servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease.
Our Material Subsidiary is party to loan agreements primarily subject to Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate.
Any reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other
consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our existing
facilities or our future debt linked to such a benchmark and our ability to service debt that bears interest at floating
rates of interest.
35.
A portion of the Net Proceeds is proposed to be utilised for repayment or pre-payment, in full or part, all or a portion
of certain loans availed by our Subsidiaries from Axis Bank Limited and Bank of Baroda, affiliates of certain
BRLMs to the Offer.
We propose to use a portion of the Net Proceeds to either repay or pre-pay, in full or part, all or a portion of certain
outstanding borrowings availed by our Material Subsidiary from (i) Axis Bank Limited (“Axis Bank”), an affiliate of
Axis; and (ii) Bank of Baroda (“BOB”), an affiliate of BOBCAPS. We have the following amount outstanding, as of
October 31, 2023, under our loan facilities with Axis Bank, BOB and YES Bank Limited, which are proposed to be
repaid or pre-paid, in full or part, using the Net Proceeds:
(in ₹ million)
Name of the lender
Nature of borrowing
Amount sanctioned as of
October 31, 2023
Principal amount outstanding
as of October 31, 2023(1)
Bank of Baroda
Working Capital Demand Loan
6,100.00(2)
4,201.40
Axis Bank
Working Capital Demand Loan
1,500.00
1,250.00
YES Bank Limited
Working Capital Demand Loan
1,450.00
1,056.80
Axis Bank
Overdraft against fixed deposit
5,000.00
2,094.74
Total
14,050.00
8,602.94
Notes:
(1) The amount outstanding as on October 31, 2023, has been certified by our Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 22, 2023.
(2) Amount sanctioned as on October 31, 2023 includes ₹3,950 million of working capital demand loan and ₹2,150 million of letter of credit -
(inland/ foreign – Documents against Payment (DP)/ Documents against acceptance (DA) - 120 days/ Usance Payable at sight Letter of Credit
(UPAS LC)/ Standby Letter of credit (SBLC)/ Foreign Bank Guarantee (FBG) for trade credit, as two way interchangeability between fund
based working capital limit to non-fund based working capital limit to full extent is allowed.
Axis and BOBCAPS are among the BRLMs to the Offer. The loans were sanctioned by Axis Bank and BOB as part
of their separate lending activities in the ordinary course of business and we do not believe that there is any conflict of
interest under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended, or any
other applicable SEBI rules or regulations. The Board of Directors of our Company have chosen to repay/prepay these
loans and facilities based on commercial considerations. For further information, see “Objects of the Offer” on page
97.
36.
We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights and prevent the unauthorized use of our intellectual
property, which could harm our business and competitive position.
We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade secrets, proprietary technologies, and similar
intellectual property as critical to our success. We rely on trademark and patent law, trade secret protection and
confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have
invested significant resources to develop our own intellectual property. Failure to maintain or protect these rights could
harm our business. In addition, any unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties may adversely affect
our current and future revenues and our reputation.
We had 35 registered patents under the Patents Act, 1970 and 205 patent applications pending in India, 10 registered
patents in the US, UK, China and the Netherlands and 37 patent applications pending in the US, Japan, Great Britain,
Australia and pursuant to the Patent Cooperation Treaty, and the Europe Patent Office, as on the date of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that all our pending patent applications will result in issued patents. Even
if our patent applications succeed and we are issued patents accordingly, it is still uncertain whether these or our
existing patents will be contested, circumvented, or invalidated in the future. In addition, the rights granted under any
issued patent may not provide us with meaningful protection or competitive advantages. The claims under any patents
may not be broad enough to prevent others from developing technologies that are similar or that achieve results similar
to ours. It is also possible that the intellectual property rights of others could bar us from licensing and exploiting our
patents. Numerous patents and pending patent applications owned by others exist in the fields where we have
developed and are developing our technology. These patents and patent applications might have priority over our
patent applications and could subject our patent applications to invalidation. Further, we do not own the trademark for

--- Page 53 ---
49
our brand name ‘Ola’. The lack of trademark protection of our brand name adversely affects our ability to protect such
intellectual property and limits our ability to oppose third party applications to use an identical or similar brand name.
If a third party uses an identical or similar brand name, we will be required to expend significant resources to establish
a new brand name and build name recognition afresh.
Implementation and enforcement of Indian laws relating to intellectual property have historically been deficient and
ineffective. Accordingly, protection of intellectual property rights in India may not be as effective as in the United
States or other developed countries. Furthermore, policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology is difficult and
expensive. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws and restrictions on
disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, third parties
may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property or seek court declarations that they do not
infringe upon our intellectual property rights. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and
costly, and we cannot assure you that the steps we have taken or will take will prevent misappropriation of our
intellectual property. From time to time, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights,
which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources.
37.
We may in the future become, subject to patent, trademark and/or other intellectual property infringement claims,
which may be time-consuming, cause us to incur significant liability and increase our costs of doing business.
We may in the future become party to additional, intellectual property infringement proceedings. Companies, including
our competitors, or individuals, may hold or obtain patents, trademarks or other proprietary or intellectual property
rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use, develop, sell, or market our EVs, which could
make it more difficult for us to operate our business. From time to time, we may receive communications or be sued
by holders of patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual property or proprietary rights alleging that we are
infringing, misappropriating, diluting or otherwise violating such rights. Our applications for and uses of trademarks
relating to our products, services, or designs, could be found to infringe upon existing trademark rights owned by third
parties. We may also not be aware of existing patents or patent applications that could be pertinent to our business as
many patent applications are filed confidentially in the United States and are not published until 18 months following
the applicable filing date. In the event that a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against us or our suppliers,
or if third parties not affiliated with us hold pending or issued patents that relate to our products or technology, we
may need to seek licenses to such intellectual property or seek to challenge those patents. Even if we are able to obtain
a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same
technologies licensed to us. In addition, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms,
if at all, and our challenge of third-party patents may be unsuccessful. Litigation or other legal proceedings relating to
intellectual property claims, regardless of merit, may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our
technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. Further, if we are determined to have infringed
upon a third party’s intellectual property rights, we may be required to do one or more of the following:
•
cease selling or leasing, incorporating certain EV components into, or using EVs or offering goods or services that
incorporate or use the intellectual property that we allegedly infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate;
•
pay substantial royalty or license fees or other damages;
•
seek a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on
reasonable terms, or at all;
•
redesign or reengineer our EVs or other technology, goods or services, which may be costly, time-consuming or
impossible; or
•
establish and maintain alternative branding for our EVs.
In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to the
infringed technology or other intellectual property right, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, any litigation or claims, whether or
not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and diversion of resources and management attention.
38.
Our use of open source software in our applications could subject our proprietary software to general release,
adversely affect our ability to sell our services and subject us to possible litigation, claims or proceedings.
We use open source software in connection with the development and deployment of our EVs. Companies that use
open source software in connection with their products may face claims challenging the use of open source software
and/or compliance with open source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming
ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming noncompliance with open source licensing terms.
While we will monitor the use of open source software and try to ensure that open source software is not used in a
manner that would subject our proprietary source code to general release and restrictions, such use could inadvertently
occur, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous and have generally not been interpreted by Indian
or foreign courts.
Further, in addition to risks related to license requirements, use of certain open source software carries greater technical
and legal risks than does the use of third-party commercial software. To the extent that our platform depends upon the

--- Page 54 ---
50
successful operation of open source software, any undetected errors or defects in open source software that we use
could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our systems and injure our reputation. In addition, the
public availability of such software may make it easier for attackers to target and compromise our platform through
cyber-attacks. Any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
39.
If we do not obtain, renew, or maintain the statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our
business, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Operation of an automobile manufacturing facility requires land use and environmental permits and other operating
permits from central, state, and local government entities. While we currently have the approvals necessary to carry
out and perform our current plans and operations at our Ola Futurefactory and Ola Gigafactory, certain approvals are
in the process of being obtained, have expired or have not been obtained. See “Government and Other Approvals –
Material Approvals applied for but not received,” “Government and Other Approvals – Material Approvals expired
and renewal yet to be applied for” and “Government and Other Approvals – Material Approvals required but not
obtained or applied for” on pages 348. In addition, expansion of operations at our Ola Futurefactory and Ola
Gigafactory, and the construction or operation of any future facility, may require additional land use, environmental
and operating permits. For details of the material licenses, registrations and approvals for our Company and Material
Subsidiary, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 344. Our approvals may expire from time to time in the
ordinary course and we may be required to make applications for such renewals. As on the date of this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus, our Company and Material Subsidiary have applied for or are in the process of applying for
renewal of certain expired material approvals as disclosed in “Government and Other Approvals – Material Approvals
expired and renewal yet to be applied for” on page 348. Delays, denials or restrictions on any of the applications for
or assignment of the permits to operate our facility or any future facility we may acquire or construct could adversely
affect our ability to execute on our business plans and objectives.
40.
We rely primarily on third-party insurance policies to insure our operations-related risks. If our insurance coverage
is inadequate, it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We maintain insurance which we believe is typical in our industry in India and in amounts which we believe to be
commercially appropriate for a variety of risks, including insurance policies related to cybersecurity, terrorism, fire
and special perils and burglary, group medical and personal accident insurance, director’s and officers’ insurance,
public liability insurance, workmen compensation insurance, electronic equipment insurance, marine insurance,
general commercial insurance and product and product recall insurance. We have also obtained business interruption
insurance to cover losses related to material damages. As of June 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021,
our insurance cover as a percentage of total assets was 89.73%, 94.98%, 98.26% and nil, respectively. However, such
insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that may arise from our operations, particularly when
the loss suffered is not easily quantifiable. Our insurance policies contain exclusions and limitations on coverage, and,
accordingly, we may not be able to successfully assert claims for the full amount of any liability or losses. Additionally,
there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured because such risks are either uninsurable or
not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that in the future we will be
able to maintain insurance of the types or at levels which we deem necessary or adequate or at premiums which we
deem to be commercially acceptable. Even if our insurance coverage is adequate to cover our direct losses, we may
not be able to take remedial actions or other appropriate measures in a timely manner or at all. Furthermore, our claim
records may affect the premiums which insurance companies may charge us in the future. We may not be able to
maintain insurance of the types or at levels which we deem necessary or adequate or at rates which we consider
reasonable, in particular in case of significant increases in premium levels upon the renewal of our insurance policies.
If we are unable to pass the effects of increased insurance costs on to our customers, the costs of higher insurance
premiums could have a material adverse effect on our costs and profitability. Additionally, some of our insurance
claims may be rejected by the insurance agencies in the future and there can be no assurance that any claim under the
insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part, or on time.
The occurrence of an event for which we are not insured, where the loss is in excess of insured limits or where we are
unable to successfully assert insurance claims from losses, could result in uninsured liabilities. Any uninsured losses
or liabilities could result in an adverse effect on our business operations, financial conditions and results of operations.
41.
The activities carried out at our Ola Futurefactory and to be carried out at our Ola Gigafactory can cause injury to
people or property in certain circumstances.
The activities carried out presently at our Ola Futurefactory and to be carried out at our Ola Gigafactory, involve health
and safety risks. Our factories require individuals to work with chemicals, equipment and other hazardous materials.
While we employ and will continue to employ safety procedures in the operation of our factories and maintain what
we believe to be adequate insurance including insurance policies for accidents, there is a risk that an accident may
occur at any of our factories. An accident may result in personal injury to our employees, or the labour deployed at
our factories, destruction of property or equipment, manufacturing or delivery delays, environmental damage, or may
lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. While we have not faced any such accidents in

--- Page 55 ---
51
the past, any such accident in the future may result in disruption to our operation, legal and regulatory consequences
and reputational damage, which may have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition,
cash flows and prospects.
42.
We have used information from the Redseer Report which we commissioned for industry related data in this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus and any reliance on such information is subject to inherent risks.
For industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have used the information from the Redseer Report,
which we commissioned and paid for, exclusively for the purpose of this Offer. The information is subject to various
limitations, highlights certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors which may not be based on
any standard methodology and is based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Neither our Company,
nor the BRLMs are related to Redseer. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosures in this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as
of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also
base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect.
Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information.
For further details, see “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and
Market Data” on page 23.
43.
We track certain operational metrics with internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics.
Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement and any real or perceived
inaccuracies in such metrics may adversely affect our business and reputation.
Certain of our operational metrics are prepared with internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by
any third party and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in
sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Such operational metrics include sales volumes, order
fulfilment numbers and after sales service volumes. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations and
our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our
metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics
under count or over count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be
accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable
period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platform is used across large populations.
Limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our
understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics
are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if
we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, reputation, financial
condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
44.
Our results of operations may vary significantly from period to period due to the seasonality of our business and
fluctuations in our operating costs.
Our results of operations may vary significantly from period to period due to many factors, including seasonal
factors that may affect the demand for our EVs. According to the Redseer Report, as per data on new 2W registrations
between September 2021 and September 2023 in the Indian automotive market available on the VAHAN Portal of
Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, demand for 2W vehicles generally peaks between January and March of
each year. Demand increases again during the festive season between September and November, with a decline in
December as customers choose to defer purchases to the following year, according to the Redseer Report. Such
seasonal factors may also impact demand for our EVs. Our limited operating history makes it difficult for us to
judge the exact nature or extent of the seasonality of our business. Also, any unusually severe weather conditions
in certain regions may impact demand for our EVs. Our results of operations could also suffer if we do not
achieve revenue consistent with our expectations for this seasonal demand because many of our expenses are
based on anticipated levels of annual revenue.
We also expect our period-to-period results of operations to vary based on our operating costs, which we anticipate
will increase significantly in future periods as we, among other things, design, develop, and manufacture newer models
of our EV scooters and introduce EV motorcycles, expand and further equip our manufacturing facilities to produce
such EVs, open new experience centres, increase our sales and marketing activities, and increase our general and
administrative functions to support our growing operations. Any increases in our operating costs may also lead to an
increase in price of our EVs which may lead to a resultant decrease in demand for our EVs.
As a result of these factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not
necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance.
Moreover, our results of operations may not meet expectations of equity research analysts or investors. If this
occurs, the trading price of our shares could fall substantially either suddenly or over time.

--- Page 56 ---
52
45.
If we cannot maintain our culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, and passion that we believe
contribute to our success and our business may be harmed.
We have invested substantial time and resources into building our culture, and we believe it serves as a critical
component of our success. We believe in building an innovative and engineering-focused culture. We hope to sustain
this culture through our employee induction efforts, utilizing cross functional teams and projects. As we continue to
grow, including geographical expansion, and developing the infrastructure associated with being a public company,
we will need to maintain our culture among a larger number of employees, dispersed across various geographic
regions. Any negative publicity surrounding our culture or our failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect
our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our
corporate objectives.
46.
We may be subject to risks associated with strategic alliances or acquisitions.
We have in the past and may in the future enter into strategic alliances, including joint ventures or minority equity
investments, with various third parties to further our business purpose from time to time. These alliances could subject
us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by third
parties, and increases in expenses in establishing new strategic alliances, any of which may materially and adversely
affect our business. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of these third parties and, to the
extent any of these third parties suffers negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their
businesses, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any such
third party.
In addition, if appropriate opportunities arise, we may acquire additional assets, products, technologies, or businesses
that are complementary to our existing business. In addition to possible shareholder approval, we may have to obtain
approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable
Indian laws and regulations, which could result in increasing delay and costs, and may derail our business strategy if
we fail to do so. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. Furthermore,
past and future acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own require
significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business,
which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the
financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for
other intangible assets, and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Any acquired business
may be involved in legal proceedings originating from historical periods prior to the acquisition, and we may not be
fully indemnified, or at all, for any damage to us resulting from such legal proceedings, which could materially and
adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
47.
Our business may be adversely affected by labour unrest and union activities.
Although none of our employees are currently represented by a labour union, it is common throughout the automobile
industry generally for employees to belong to a union, which can result in higher employee costs, operational
restrictions, and increased risk of disruption to operations. We may also directly and indirectly depend upon other
companies with unionized work forces, such as raw material and EV component suppliers and trucking and freight
companies, and work stoppages or strikes organized by such unions including contract labourers who are engaged by
us for production of our scooters, could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows.
Further, our Material Subsidiary, namely OET, appoints independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract
labour for performance of certain of our ancillary operations. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, it
is possible under Indian law that we may be held responsible for wage payments to labourers engaged by contractors
should the contractors default on wage payments. Any requirement to fund such payments may adversely affect our
results of operations.
48.
We will face risks associated with potential international operations, including unfavourable regulatory, political,
currency, tax, and labour conditions, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows.
Our business plan includes expansion of our operations in international markets, as we have a design studio in the
United Kingdom and have plans to expand our future sales, in select markets internationally. Heightened tensions in
international economic relations may affect our ability to expand internationally. As we depend on parts and EV
components from suppliers, some of which are overseas, tariffs by the Indian government on such suppliers may also
affect the costs of our products.
Furthermore, conducting and launching operations on an international scale requires close coordination of activities
across multiple jurisdictions and time zones and consumes significant management resources. We will be subject to a

--- Page 57 ---
53
number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, impact our ability to sell
our EVs and require significant management attention. These risks include:
•
conforming our EVs to various international regulatory requirements where our EVs are sold and serviced, which
requirements may change over time;
•
expenditures related to foreign lawsuits and liability;
•
difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations and complying with foreign labour laws and regulation;
•
difficulties establishing relationships with, or disruption in the supply chain from, international suppliers;
•
difficulties attracting customers in new jurisdictions;
•
foreign government taxes, regulations and permit requirements;
•
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, including risks related to any foreign currency
swap or other hedging activities we undertake;
•
United States and foreign government trade restrictions, tariffs and price or exchange controls;
•
changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;
•
laws and business practices favouring local companies;
•
difficulties protecting or procuring intellectual property rights;
•
political instability, natural disasters, war or events of terrorism and health epidemics, such as the COVID-19
pandemic; and
•
the strength of international economies.
If we fail to successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows could be materially harmed.
49.
We are subject to risks associated with exchange rate fluctuations.
Appropriate hedging for our risk exposures may not be available at a reasonable cost, or at all, particularly during
volatile interest rate environments. We have currently hedged the letters of credit we entered into with the Bank of
Baroda for purchasing EV components from our suppliers in South Korea. There are risks associated with the use of
such hedging instruments. While hedging instruments may mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange
rates to a certain extent, we potentially forego benefits that might result from market fluctuations in currency
exposures. These hedging transactions can also result in losses, including, without limitation, when a counterparty
does not perform its obligations under the applicable hedging arrangement, there are currency fluctuations, the
arrangement is imperfect or ineffective, or our internal hedging policies and procedures are not followed or do not
work as planned. In addition, because our potential obligations under the financial hedging instruments are marked to
market, we may experience quarterly and annual volatility in our operating results and cash flows attributable to our
financial hedging activities.
We also intend to operate in numerous markets worldwide and as such will be exposed to risks stemming from
fluctuations in currency and interest rates. The exposure to currency risk will be mainly linked to differences in the
geographic distribution of our manufacturing and commercial activities, resulting in cash flows from sales being
denominated in currencies different from those of purchases or production activities.
We may use various forms of financing to cover future funding requirements for our activities and changes in interest
rates can affect our net revenues, finance costs and margins.
Any of the above may have material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows.
50.
Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital
requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements.
Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital
requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination
as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend
distribution policy adopted by our Company on December 14, 2023 and will depend on factors that our Board deems
relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and
any other financing arrangements. Further, our Subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities, having no obligation
to pay dividends and may be restricted from doing so by law or contract, including applicable laws, charter provisions
and the terms of their financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that our Subsidiaries will generate sufficient
profits and cash flows, or otherwise be able to pay dividends to us in the future.

--- Page 58 ---
54
51.
Our ability to invest in foreign subsidiaries or joint ventures is constrained by applicable restrictions under Indian
overseas investment laws as well as laws of the relevant international jurisdictions, which could adversely affect
our business prospects and international growth strategy.
Under Indian foreign investment laws, an Indian company is permitted to invest in overseas joint ventures or wholly
owned subsidiaries, up to 400% of the Indian company’s net worth as at the date of its last audited balance sheet
(subject to certain exceptions). This limitation also applies to any other form of financial commitment by the Indian
company, including in terms of any loan, guarantee, pledge or charge on assets (subject to applicable conditions) issued
by such Indian company. However, any financial commitment exceeding US$ 1 billion (or its equivalent) in a Financial
Year would require prior approval of the RBI, even when the total financial commitment of the Indian company is
within the eligible limit under the automatic route, as mentioned above. Further, there may be limitations stipulated in
the host country for foreign investment. Investment or financial commitment not complying with the stipulated
requirements is permitted with prior approval of the RBI. In addition, there are certain routine procedural and
disclosure requirements in relation to any such overseas direct investment. These limitations on overseas direct
investment could constrain our ability to acquire our stake in overseas entities as well as to provide other forms of
financial assistance or support to such entities, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
52.
The form filing in respect of reclassification of shares is pending for approval from the RoC. Further, we have been
unable to complete the process of filing of Form PAS-3 in respect of recent changes to our share capital.
Pursuant to the resolutions passed by the Board and by the Shareholders, each dated December 19, 2023, our Company
reclassified 142,544,269 Series A CCPS to 142,544,269 Series A1 CCPS. Although our Company has filed the Form
SH-7 through the MCA portal under Section 64(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 15 of Companies (Share
Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the same is pending for approval from the RoC. Consequently, we have been
unable to file Form PAS-3 in respect of the aforementioned reclassification. While we will continue to try filing the
Form PAS-3 on the MCA portal, we cannot assure you that we will be able to file the Form PAS-3 on time as required
under the Companies Act, 2013. Further, we cannot assure you that no penalty, legal proceedings or regulatory actions
will be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to the delay in the filing of the Form PAS-3, the
occurrence of which may impact our financial condition and reputation.
External Risks
53.
Challenging economic conditions may affect consumer demand for electric vehicles.
As per the Redseer Report, quarterly private final consumption expenditure in India peaked in the third quarter of
Fiscal 2023, higher than in the first, second and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2023 as per the Ministry of Statistics and
Programme Implementation. We believe that such variance in consumer spending could have a commensurate impact
on sales volumes of our Ola S1 scooters. Sales of high-end and luxury consumer products, such as the Ola S1 Pro,
which is our premium EV scooter, depend in part on discretionary consumer spending and are even more exposed to
adverse changes in general economic conditions. Discretionary consumer spending also is affected by other factors,
including changes in tax rates and tax credits, interest rates and the availability and terms of consumer credit. During
future periods of economic weakness, we may experience a decline in the demand for our EVs, which could harm our
business, prospects and operating results. Accordingly, any events that have a negative effect on the Indian economy
or on foreign economies or that negatively affect consumer confidence in the economy, including disruptions in credit
and stock markets, and actual or perceived economic slowdowns, may harm our business, prospects and operating
results.
54.
Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could
materially and adversely affect our business.
Global pandemics or epidemics, or fear of spread of contagious diseases, such as Ebola or Nipah virus disease,
coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”), Middle East respiratory syndrome, severe acute respiratory syndrome,
H1N1 flu, H7N9 flu, and avian flu could disrupt our business operations, reduce or restrict our supply of materials and
services, incur significant costs to protect our employees and facilities, or result in regional or global economic distress,
which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Actual or
threatened war, terrorist activities, political unrest, civil strife, and other geopolitical uncertainty could have a similar
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any one or more of these events may
impede our production and delivery efforts and adversely affect our sales results, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The COVID-19 pandemic caused us to face hurdles and time delays when initially constructing and setting up our Ola
Futurefactory. Any future global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic may result in global economic distress, and the
extent to which it may affect our results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted. We cannot assure you that the COVID-19 pandemic can be eliminated or contained in the
near future, or at all, or a similar outbreak will not occur again. If the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting disruption

--- Page 59 ---
55
to our business were to extend over a prolonged period, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.
We are also vulnerable to natural disasters, including but not limited to hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, fires and
other calamities. We cannot assure you that any backup systems will be adequate to protect us from the effects of such
unexpected events. Any of the foregoing events may give rise to interruptions, damage to our property, delays in
production, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures, or internet failures, which could cause the loss
or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.
55.
Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain.
The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The Government of
India may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect EVs or vehicles in general, which
could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the
government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. New compliance requirements could
increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Furthermore, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our
operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any changes to such laws, including the instances mentioned
below, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.
Additionally, the Government of India has introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019 (“Wages Code”); (b) the Code
on Social Security, 2020 (“Social Security Code”); (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions
Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 (collectively, the “Labour Codes”) which consolidate,
subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. The Government of India has deferred the effective
date of implementation of the respective Labour Codes, and they shall come into force from such dates as may be
notified. Different dates may also be appointed for the coming into force of different provisions of the Labour Codes.
While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified in its entirety, as an immediate
consequence, the coming into force of these codes could increase the financial burden on our Company, which may
adversely impact our profitability. We are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and
operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For example, the Social Security Code
aims to provide uniformity in providing social security benefits to the employees which was earlier segregated under
different acts and had different applicability and coverage. Furthermore, the Wages Code limits the amounts that may
be excluded from being accounted toward employment benefits (such as gratuity and maternity benefits) to a maximum
of 50% of the wages payable to employees. The implementation of such laws has the ability to increase our employee
and labour costs, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows, business and financial
performance.
Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations
including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being
deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur
increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with new requirements, which may also require significant
management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of
operations, financial condition, cash flows and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or
implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which
we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body of administrative or judicial precedent may be time
consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability
to grow our business in the future.
Additionally, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such
laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such
provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected.
56.
Changes in tax laws may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.
New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulation or ordinances could be enacted at any time, or
interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us, any of which could adversely affect our business operations
and financial performance. The Government of India announced the union budget for Fiscal 2024 and the finance bill
in the Lok Sabha on February 1, 2023. The bill has received assent from the President of India on March 30, 2023,
and has been enacted as the Finance Act 2023. In light of this, we are currently unable to predict whether such changes
will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on
us, our suppliers, manufacturers or our customers, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may
materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

--- Page 60 ---
56
57.
Political changes affecting economic conditions in India and adverse changes in government policies that are
currently favourable for electric vehicles or domestically manufactured vehicles could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
Our Company is incorporated in India and most of our assets are located in India. Our assets located outside India
have a cumulative value of ₹ 377.35 million as of June 30, 2023. The growth of our business benefits from policies
rolled out by the Government of India that support the development of EVs and domestically manufactured vehicles
such as the Automobile PLI Scheme dated September 23, 2021, which incentivizes domestic manufacturing of
advanced automotive technology products and the FAME India Phase II scheme dated April 1, 2019, which, amongst
other initiatives, seeks to promote faster adoption of electric and hybrid vehicle through demand incentive schemes by
reducing the cost of acquisition for consumers. If the EV energy consumption standards become significantly stricter,
we may incur significant costs to obtain advanced energy technology to upgrade our EVs or design new EVs if we are
able to at all, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. Furthermore, changes in government incentives or subsidies to support EVs could adversely affect our
business. Any reduction, elimination, or discriminatory application of government subsidies and economic incentives
because of policy changes, or the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the perceived success of the
EV or other reasons, may result in the diminished competitiveness of the alternative fuel and EV industry generally or
our EVs in particular. Additionally, central and state laws may impose additional barriers to EV adoption, including
additional costs.
While certain tax credits and other incentives for alternative energy production, alternative fuel, and EVs have been
available in the past, there is no guarantee these programs will be available in the future. If current tax incentives are
not available in the future, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be
harmed. Our EV sales are also impacted by any future changes in government policies pertaining to tariffs on imported
passenger EVs and cells.
Our business results also depend on a number of general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India which are
beyond our control. In particular, our revenue and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary
spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, the availability of discretionary
income and consumer confidence. Recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening
economy, increased unemployment, rising interest rates or other industry-wide cost pressures could also affect
consumer behaviour and lead to a decline in our sales and earnings.
Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations and the market for our
Equity Shares, may include:
•
the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation;
•
any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or
repatriate currency or export assets;
•
any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India
and scarcity of financing for our expansions;
•
prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporations;
•
volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges;
•
changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies;
•
political instability, civil unrest, social or ethnic instability, terrorism, military conflict and other acts of violence
or war in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries;
•
prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets or other
significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector;
•
international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are
subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws;
•
protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs,
increased regulations or capital investment requirements;
•
logistical and communications challenges;
•
instability in financial markets;
•
difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or
on a timely basis; and
•
being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty
enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so.
As of June 30, 2023, we derive all of our revenue from our operations in India, accordingly, our performance and the
growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or
perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of our Equity Shares.

--- Page 61 ---
57
58.
Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or an international rating agency could adversely affect our
business.
India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to several factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or
a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, all which are outside the control of our Company. Any adverse revisions
to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our
ability to raise additional external financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional
financing is available.
Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India.
India’s sovereign rating improved from Baa3 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “stable” outlook by Moody’s
in October 2021 and improved from BBB- with a “negative” outlook to BBB- with a “stable” outlook by Fitch in June
2022; and decreased from BBB to BBB “low” by DBRS in May 2021. India’s sovereign rating from S&P is BBB-
with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by
international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and
other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A
downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which
are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at
all, and consequently adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial performance and the price of our Equity
Shares.
59.
Non-resident investors are subject to investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract
foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares.
Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, the transfer of shares between non-residents and
residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply
with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought
to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the
exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted,
foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior
approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment.
The RBI and the concerned ministries and/or departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment.
Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency
and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian
income tax authorities. Furthermore, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis
and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval
having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds.
In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, investments
where the beneficial owner of the equity shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares a land border
with India, can only be made through the government approval route. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of
any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial
ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction and/or purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership
will also require approval of the Government of India. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance,
Government of India has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules. We cannot assure
investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular
terms or conditions or at all. For further information, see “Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”
beginning on page 403.
60.
Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against us or our management.
Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. Most of our Directors are residents
of India. Except for our design studio located in the United Kingdom, our Company’s assets are located in India. As a
result, you may be unable to:
•
effect service of process in jurisdictions outside of India, including in the United States, upon us and these other
persons or entities;
•
enforce in the Indian courts judgments obtained in courts of jurisdictions outside of India against us and these
other persons or entities, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of securities laws of
jurisdictions outside India; and
•
enforce in US courts judgments obtained in US courts against us and these other persons or entities, including
judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States.
Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of
Civil Procedure, 1908 (“CPC”). India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and
commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom. United Arab Emirates,

--- Page 62 ---
58
Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet
certain requirements established in the CPC. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees
in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines
or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including
the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment
of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely
upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India.
The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit
in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However,
it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought
in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or
inconsistent with the public policy in India.
61.
Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets.
Our current operations and market is in India. The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic
and market conditions in other countries, particularly the emerging Asian market countries. Although, economic
conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects
on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. Currencies of a few Asian countries have in the past
suffered depreciation against the US Dollar owing to various factors. A loss of investor confidence in the financial
systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the
Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian
economy. Financial disruptions may occur and could harm our business, future financial performance and the prices
of our Equity Shares. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion
and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy.
In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and a slowdown in the Chinese economy or adverse
developments in the relationship between the two countries could have an adverse impact on the trade relations
between the two countries. We import EV components from China, and thus, a strain in trade relations between India
and China could adversely impact our supply of such components. Any significant financial disruption could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation.
The global credit and equity markets have from time to time, experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions
and market corrections. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and
other jurisdictions, including India, may implement a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the
financial markets. However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global
financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current
difficult conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, such
conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the trading price of our
Equity Shares.
62.
If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits.
Inflation rates could be volatile and we may continue to face high inflation in the future as India had witnessed in the
past. Increasing inflation in India can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business,
including increased costs of transportation, salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business, which may adversely
affect our business and financial condition. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to
accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our operating expenses, which
we may not be able to pass on to customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business
and financial condition. Further, high inflation leading to higher interest rates may also lead to a slowdown in the
economy and adversely impact credit growth. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our
increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.
While the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, it is unclear
whether these measures will remain in effect, and there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in
the future.
63.
Significant differences exist between Indian accounting standard (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such
as international financial reporting standards (“IFRS”) and United States generally accepted accounting principles
(“US GAAP”), which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition.
For the purposes of disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, the SEBI ICDR Regulations requires us to prepare
and present our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. This Restated Consolidated Financial Information has
been derived from our special purpose audited consolidated financial statements for the three-months period ended

--- Page 63 ---
59
June 30, 2023, and the audited consolidated financial statements for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021. Ind AS differs
from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and US
GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Draft
Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS.
US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which
the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the Companies Act, SEBI ICDR Regulations and the
Guidance Note on Reports in Company’s Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, included in this Draft Red
Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with
Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial
disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly.
64.
We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition
Act could adversely affect our business and activities.
The Competition Act prohibits any anti – competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert
between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on
competition in India. Any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of
purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision
of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of
geographical area, type of goods or services or number of consumers in the relevant market or in any other similar
way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse
effect on competition.
The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation
(merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control
or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified
to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India (“CCI”). Any breach of the provisions of Competition
Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties.
The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an
appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of
the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct
or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect
in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation
to non-compliance with the Competition Act. The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger,
amalgamation or acquisition proposed by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any
adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.
65.
Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional
Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to
enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors.
SEBI and the Stock Exchanges have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures in order to enhance market
integrity and safeguard the interests of investors, including ASM and GSM. ASM and GSM are imposed on securities
of companies based on various objective criteria such as significant variations in price and volume, concentration of
certain client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume, average delivery, securities which witness
abnormal price rise not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed
assets, net worth, price / earnings multiple, market capitalization etc.
Upon listing, the trading of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors
which may result in high volatility in price, low trading volumes, and a large concentration of client accounts as a
percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors
or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing our
securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant
restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. These restrictions may
include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off,
limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of
price on upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock
Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on market price,
trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company.